<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="871">#871: You act shamelessly!</h2>
<p>Xu Xiaoyan sees Tang Wulin makes that movement the time is beautiful face changing colors, although she has released own Starlight Radiance Soul Skill promptly, innumerable starlight go toward Tang Wulin direction suddenly to launch, covers in which his body instantaneously, but this cannot change Tang Wulin the process that Golden Dragon Spear projects.</p>

<p>The Golden Dragon Tyrant Body Golden Dragon Spear release, Tang Wulin both hands are up and down, in Starlight Radiance shines on own instant, makes a very strange movement.</p>

<p>Both hands to turn into a claw shape of being up and down, palm relative, the left leg steps forward one step to the left front, seemed like has exhibited a close-combat appearance.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu looks that Golden Dragon Spear suddenly to launch comes, immediately discoloration. His Trial of Light fell on Tang Wulin, but also was similarly slower than Golden Dragon Spear a racket.</p>

<p>Trial of Light by Golden Dragon Tyrant Body absorb, Tang Wulin mirror surface Battle Armor ray of light glittering, at this time, Starlight Radiance arrived at rapidly, decides him is in-situ.</p>

<p>The Le Zhengyu horizontal body keeps off before the Xu Xiaoyan body, in the hand Holy Sword All-Out to go to chop, tries to prevent Golden Dragon Spear. But Golden Dragon Spear has not arrived, he felt that sharp air/Qi must pierce own body, cannot block! He can definitely affirm, even if the own Battle Armor defense strength full, even if currently own had the Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun amplification, cannot block Tang Wulin this to strike as before.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Spear terrifying in this way, who also dares saying that unexpectedly Captain does not have long-distance attack ability.</p>

<p>When sharp sword tip(s) finally from having a side interest in rushes, accurate incomparable from one side punctures side Golden Dragon Spear, dragon spear bursts out dragon roar, ray of light one slow, Le Zhengyu Holy Sword along with it cutting above Golden Dragon Spear.</p>

<p>Although Ye Xinglan has blocked Golden Dragon Spear majority of mighty energy, but when Le Zhengyu this sword cuts strikes, actually cannot help but the whole body megascism, is similar to receives an electric shock generally backs up, nearly hits on Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Spear shoots accordingly, Holy Sword to shatter.</p>

<p>But another side, rushes to front of Tang Wulin only, only remaining Yuan En Yehui. Attacks the enemy to rescue, Ye Xinglan that should also clash was disturbed by Golden Dragon Spear, first has chosen eventually the life-saving.</p>

<p>Giant Hammer(s) flies high, the overhead pounds to fall.</p>

<p>It looks like in Yuan En Yehui, this time Tang Wulin by the Starlight Radiance anchorage, moreover his Golden Dragon Tyrant Body because also Trial of Light was stimulated, the words attack strength that although he counter-attacks now will be stronger, but his defense strength only has actually been able to depend upon oneself.</p>

<p>To rush promptly, she has not used Soul Skill, actually All-Out before Gigantic Demon Titan situation struck the Tang Wulin body.</p>

<p>Hit!</p>

<p>In Yuan En Yehui heart one happy. But also at this moment, she only thought that strength of the strange revolving transmits from Tang Wulin, her should shell to be twisted by him in Giant Hammer(s) of Tang Wulin chest place unexpectedly directly, moreover her body is also being turning round revolves. Giant Hammer(s) falls into the Tang Wulin hand at the same time, he also liberates from Starlight Radiance. In the hand Giant Hammer(s) has not gone to control near at hand Yuan En Yehui, but throws to fly once more, goal or Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Sharp ray of light plunders together from Tang Wulin, almost arrived in front of body out-of-control Yuan En Yehui in an instant, is not just Xie Xie.</p>

<p>Before had Tang Wulin to keep off before the body, even if were Starlight Radiance, had been blocked by Tang Wulin, he has not actually come under any influence. Double Dragon Daggers like lightning act that the critical moment, Storing Power waits. Moreover is an empty reality, changes into two to do several things at the same time, both sides converging attack.</p>

<p>On Tang Wulin hears the spirited dragon roar sound, golden-colored ring of light blooms from the under foot, Golden Dragon King fourth bloodline Soul Ring technique, Golden Dragon Frantic Domain.</p>

<p>Xie Xie itself has meager Dragon Clan bloodline, Golden Dragon Frantic Domain is most intense to his amplification, he only thought that whole body bloodline aura rises suddenly, two did several things at the same time to arrive in front of Yuan En Yehui directly.</p>

<p>„Xie Xie.” At this moment, strange appear(ance).</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui has not attempted to resist unexpectedly, but is both hands puts down, the personal appearance reduces instantaneously, changes into the original appearance . Moreover, but also summoned a Xie Xie name in a seductive voice.</p>

<p>Her sounds/voices is very gentle, even can with speaking in a coaxing voice to describe.</p>

<p>If currently side Xie Xie has a magnifying glass, certainly can see, is only instant, he had goose flesh.</p>

<p>Two do several things at the same time to interlock, Double Dragon Daggers actually simultaneously receives. Has not fallen on Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>The Yuan En Yehui winning smile is sweet, the personal appearance turns over, the a pair of longleg simultaneously tramples, center two buttocks of Xie Xie, directly trampling to fly this fellow.</p>

<p>The aspect that Tang Wulin speechless, must kill, Xie Xie this fellow actually at crucial moments fell the chain.</p>

<p>Two pairs five, on inferiority, wanted to win, must try another method. What threatens to him is biggest is Xu Xiaoyan, therefore Tang Wulin through throwing to limit, the opportunity that then he builds, making Yuan En Yehui complete the order form, and was diverted by own. So long as Xie Xie can strike to subdue. Two pairs four may probably be easier.</p>

<p>But who knows, critical moment, Xie Xie actually sudden atrophy. Not was only trampled to fly, but also knocks down after does not have, was been unexpectedly same as before by Yuan En Yehui, has sealed up bloodline.</p>

<p>Compared with Giant Hammer(s) and beforehand Golden Dragon Spear that Tang Wulin departs, might are many on difference. Without Golden Dragon Spear speed and sharpness, was selected to fly by Ye Xinglan directly.</p>

<p>But a Tang Wulin fist rumbles, although the bang flew Yuan En Yehui, but under the function of Star-time Chains, Injury Sharing, cannot injure to her.</p>

<p>„You act shamelessly, but also has spoken language to harass.” Saying of Tang Wulin grief and indignation.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui smiles, „Captain, we graduate from Devil Island. What did you forget to learn there us?”</p>

<p>The voice has not fallen, Yuan En Yehui, Ye Xinglan and Le Zhengyu three people have encircled. Star Wheel Ice Chain also accurate incomparable appear(ance) in the Tang Wulin under foot.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin but, can only use Golden Dragon Tyrant Body once more, simultaneously shows beforehand that strange posture.</p>

<p>Strange saying that after this posture exhibits, whose attack he, by direct belt flew. Yuan En Yehui that strong strength is not good, other people are also same.</p>

<p>Even if Ye Xinglan Star Divine Sword punctures, is similar to pricks vortex to be ordinary, then the human was brought to fly.</p>

<p>Through this strange posture, Tang Wulin can be out of danger once again.</p>

<p>But, he faces is actually besieging of five people! attack of person no longer after the frontage, received Xu Xiaoyan unceasing Control in the presence of everyone, Tang Wulin on the tragedy.</p>

<p>But what makes his speechless is, explains his strange posture, unexpectedly is Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi does not know when ran up to behind him, the a pair of fat hand is bringing purple-black ray of light, printed quietly after him has carried on the back.</p>

<p>When tyrannical incomparable Ruin aura makes Tang Wulin in following directly one time cannot suspend close-combat facing Star Wheel Ice Chain and Starlight Radiance. Then......</p>

<p>After five minutes.</p>

<p>Black and blue Tang Wulin, face depressed sitting in Training Field. Not far away Xie Xie does not dare to visit him.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu complacent [say / way]: „Captain, you understand now, did not fear that the god same match, fears the pig same teammate. If I you, I may not endure. With his to choose!”</p>

<p>Formerly they ganged up on Tang Wulin time the meaning of not having shown mercy, but, the Tang Wulin defense strength also once again made them shock, under besieging of Three Great Assault System Battle Soul Master, had insisted unexpectedly also five minutes chose the surrender. He more than once seeks for opportunity attempt to break through, was actually melted by Xu Xiaoyan prompt Control.</p>

<p>Without doubt, if no Xu Xiaoyan Super Rank Power Control, even if three pairs one, they also not necessarily certainly can win Tang Wulin, even if wins, will certainly pay the price.</p>

<p>---------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>