<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="770">#770: Gu Yue, is waiting for me!</h2>
<p>Departure of Gu Yue is stems from has no recourse, otherwise, she formerly not according to pain. Xu Mi'er Senior Sister said right, reason that cannot defend her , because the own strength is not very formidable.</p>

<p>Subconscious grips in the tight hand silver scale, is feeling the sharpness of its edge, the Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, formidable, is own must first pursue now.</p>

<p>Gu Yue, is waiting for me. Regardless of many difficulties are placed in front of us, I will accompany certainly you to overrun. When I become formidable!</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin takes out own Soul Guide Communication Device, has dialed a number.</p>

<p>„Xinglan, can you come my one? Simultaneously told everybody, did not need to look again. This several days gets down, the place that can find we had looked, she is hiding us intentionally, we were impossible to find her.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Looks into the distance, the white fog is confused.</p>

<p>Gu Yue static standing there. This is Platform, a baseless conjecture in Platform of upper air, in her behind, is Spirit Transferring Pagoda that towers palatially.</p>

<p>Here is the Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters roof. Was called Lingyun Platform.</p>

<p>She has stood here was very long, her right hand places the own front throughout, in the palm, is grasping anything.</p>

<p>„Although is very painful, but why, I actually like this painful feeling. Is this Love?”</p>

<p>This time she, restored originally the appearance of black becoming dark pupil, a white long skirt, can see from the golden-colored trace as well as front of long skirt edge badge that she rose very high degree in the Spirit Transferring Pagoda status.</p>

<p>She spreads out the palm slowly, in the own palm place, together shining diamond-shaped scales presents there, the golden-colored thin link connection it, on scales the pattern is magnificent, stack-up four, scales one side receives, presents to be similar in the shape of shield.</p>

<p>Her cautiously treats it on the neck of own, follows the collar place to send in the own most personal place it again.</p>

<p>Direction that she looks into, is Shrek.</p>

<p>„What's wrong? Doesn't give up?” Gentle sounds/voices behind is resounding.</p>

<p>Gu Yue turns round fast, who simply has not gone looks like the human is, already respectful saluting, „Teacher(s).”</p>

<p>Heavenly Phoenix Douluo Leng Yaozhu arrives at side her gradually, „Shrek truly is an appealing place. However, since has chosen departure, do not regret. You do not give up that Academy, doesn't give up somebody?”</p>

<p>The body of Gu Yue has shaken shaking, „did you know?”</p>

<p>Heavenly Phoenix Douluo shows a faint smile, „possibly doesn't know? That is Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting! Once I also......”</p>

<p>Here, she has stopped, tender face revealed disappointed.</p>

<p>„Is only, I do not understand why you will choose to leave. Can make you settle on, he is very inevitably outstanding. I have also seen him, truly is a rare talented person. You should try, making him join us.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue is smiling bitterly shaking the head, „I do not want to make him feel embarrassed. He is the Tang Sect person. If not depart, I think that I he will haul in Tang Sect may be much more than me the possibility that he will draw. You know my ambition. I cannot be hobbled by the sentiment.”</p>

<p>In the Heavenly Phoenix Douluo eye reveals a applause, but also flashes through moved similarly, „child, you make own shoulder was too heavy. Although I happily see all these very much, is, for your own words, sentimental matter, very possible one time to miss will not obtain. Moreover, walks according to our plans, your road can skyrocket, when some day you stand in the Continent summit top, perhaps you had discovered that he and you have the insurmountable distance, at that time, you impossible in the same place. You are young, even if you choose and him now are many in together time, Teacher(s) will not blame your.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue somewhat rapid shaking the head, „does not use suddenly. Teacher(s), my heart not like firmness that you imagine, if continues again, I was very perhaps difficult to set firm resolve.”</p>

<p>Leng Yaozhu sighed, „good. Then, all defer to our plans. Match altogether four that you will face, each, is Spirit Transferring Pagoda talent extremely, defeats them, you will become Spirit Transferring Pagoda in the future the Pagoda Master first cis-position successor. Every time loses one time, your cis-position will drop. Following time, Teacher(s) will bring a more tremendous pressure to you, stimulates your potential. However I believe that you are best. After all, you are Spirit Transferring Pagoda in history, only under 20-year-old age, Spiritual Strength already cultivate to Spirit Abyss Realm peak person. Once breaks through, then, your world sea extravagant Sky. Before 30 years old, must become Titled Douluo.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Thank You (xiexie).” Tang Wulin looks in front of own on the table, that glittering light golden-colored ray of light armor, heartfelt said to Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>companion came, side him.</p>

<p>Not only this several days Tang Wulin All-Out to go to is seeking for Gu Yue, they also similarly so.</p>

<p>Xie Xie lifts the hand to hold the shoulder of Tang Wulin, „Boss, should not be sad, Gu Yue has certainly any matter to go, she will certainly come back.”</p>

<p>„Um, I know that she will certainly come back. Therefore, I must make own stronger. Otherwise, was fallen by her is too far, but how also to lead the way with her shoulder to shoulder?” On the Tang Wulin face is having the light smile, at least in the companion eye, could not see that on him has any difference.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui vents anger lightly, „you so are always strong, can always be bolder with each setback. This is I am inferior to your place.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „I think that you need to adjust the condition to carry on the fusion again.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head, „does not use. I do not have am so vulnerable. If including One Word Battle Armor fusion difficulties, how I also to make your Captain?”</p>

<p>Yes, is placed in front of him on the table, is his complete set One Word Battle Armor surplus Component. Is these years Ye Xinglan personally for his manufacture. All Battle Armor have prepared, misses, is only the fusion.</p>

<p>Fused Battle Armor, he can become One Word Battle Armor Master. This once was his long-awaited matter, but at this moment, on his face actually only then smiled, not excited.</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Tang Wulin has first taken up own breastplate, breastplate is biggest one, is whole set Battle Armor Nucleus. breastplate puts succinctly greatly, the both sides have a rectangular Armor piece to cover respectively, is the overall clothing, takes to be heavy with the hand.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Your retreat several steps.”</p>

<p>The people hurry to spread out some, leaves he bigger spatial.</p>

<p>Next flickers, they noticed that the eye pupil of Tang Wulin has shone, intense golden-colored ray of light bursts out from his eyes, the strong Qi and Blood fluctuation just liked the essence erupts generally instantaneously.</p>

<p>reaction biggest is Xie Xie, he stuffy snort, subconscious retreat one step, complexion one white, unexpectedly sits falls to the ground. The Battle Armor stress in within the body, covers the whole body rapidly, his complexion then attractive several points, cannot help but a piece with amazement.</p>

<p>Not only he, the feelings of other person also some varying degrees, they only thought that on Tang Wulin erupts an incomparably formidable pressure suddenly, that completely is superior that oppression strength to lower position. When that thick golden-colored mist gushes out from him, this feeling also became even more obvious.</p>

<p>In the people, Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan situation is best, was only retreat one step, other person at least retreat two steps.</p>

<p>The look on each face exceptionally shocks.</p>

<p>Must know that their each people on the scene, cultivate to be stronger than Tang Wulin, is Five Rings Soul King Elite, is One Word Battle Armor Master!</p>

<p>But under such strength disparity, Tang Wulin they of bloodline aura unexpectedly oppression has to plant feeling irresistibly.</p>

<p>------------------------------------</p>

<p>The new year's celebration, wish everybody Happy New Year, wishes coming true, good luck in everything!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>