<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="789">#789: It is not willing to forgive</h2>
<p>Le Zhengyu walks, sits down in her side.</p>

<p>„Xiaoyan.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan has not turned head.</p>

<p>„Sorry. If you for Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting matter offended, I again were still apologizing to you. Was I was too at that time impulsive, was too arrogant. I apologized to you. Over six months, I have thought very much clearly, you are very important to me, I am willing to put down the pride of own, we......”</p>

<p>He just spoke of here, Xu Xiaoyan on fierce turning head, looks at Le Zhengyu that lets somebody cool off or calm down, said: „You in giving charity? I do not need your giving charity. I do not need noble Holy Angel Family giving charity. Le Zhengyu, I saw clearly you on that day actually, I have thought own very joyfully with you in the same place, but I was clear on that day, in your eyes, my radically anything is not, but in your heart should come as soon as called that sigh goes to with the woman who maidservant anything has not distinguished.”</p>

<p>„You are very outstanding, are gentle, the strength excels. But I told you, I was not rare. My radically not rare these. You with I apologize? If you realized really own has made a mistake, not after over six months today looks for me. You are impossible to put down the pride in heart, is impossible. In your innermost feelings forever keeps aloof. I will never find one not to be the boyfriend the person who I and he place the same social stratum, will be the future husband. Therefore, we consider as finished.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan sounds/voices somewhat is obviously excited, other row of passengers look askance.</p>

<p>The [say / way] of some Le Zhengyu short of breath hundred flowers: „Actually do you also make me what kind of? I apologized to you. Xiaoyan, who said in my heart you are not and my social stratum? I like you, I am sincerity likes you.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan lifts the hand, indifferent gives a hand signal of suspension, „I said that we consider as finished. Please leave here, you sit in my side will make me uncomfortable.”</p>

<p>Because Le Zhengyu is angry, chest fluctuating obviously becomes fierce, he has not thought of the Xu Xiaoyan so sarcastic comments rejection own. Let him say the apology words, is not actually easy to his own. Securable is actually the so direct rejection.</p>

<p>„Xu Xiaoyan, I know that you reject me are because feels inferior. You are feeling inferior is right? Why can't you face up among us the issue? Yes, I over six months have not gone to look for you, that is because of me is unable the returning to normal mood. Right, I attach great importance to face-saving, therefore on that day after that many people you to reject me my very offended also is very painful. But in the half year I want to understand, I understood for me Love is more important than the face. I also came to apologize to you, did you also want what kind of?”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan cold snort, „I do not cherish your this giving charity Love. Moreover, I told you, I also never felt inferior. Do not forget, I am also one of the Shrek Seven Monsters, do I have something to feel inferior? You get out of the way!”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu fierce standing up, „do not regret!”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan stubborn turning head, looked that does not look at his one eyes.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu enraged returning said that by own position, Xie Xie and Yuan En Yehui are listening to their dialog, frowned.</p>

<p>„Can't you calm?” The Xie Xie helpless [say / way], „girl must roar.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu roared: „Your don't mind/care I.”</p>

<p>„Who cherished to manage you?” Yuan En Yehui stands up, draws Xie Xie, returned to own formerly position, was comforting eye socket red Xu Xiaoyan in a low voice.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu sits returns to side Tang Wulin, in heart as before extremely angry difficult draw. As if the big stones press in the chest, breathes difficulties.</p>

<p>Xie Xie not because of his scolding, but offended, instead somewhat sympathized with Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Is too close to the problem, the onlooker is clear-headed. Xu Xiaoyan said right, Le Zhengyu was too proud, his pride is in the bone, is gradually influences from infancy to maturity in Holy Angel Family. That is not one day two days of matters, in his heart likes Xu Xiaoyan being without a doubt, but without a doubt, on Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, his words have had very profound stimulation to Xu Xiaoyan. If he can awaken to look for Xu Xiaoyan at that time to talk clearly promptly immediately, perhaps also has the opportunity. But he does not have, has hoodwinked his heart proud, the point of honor is to let he entire over six months time has not paid attention to Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Perhaps Xu Xiaoyan does not have him to be so proud, but others is a miss! Had been such treated coldly for a half year, in the heart can not have the anger and anger? At this time Le Zhengyu should do only, is hear that the soft and gentle words, even is brazen-faced and shameless encouraging, the opportunity naturally was much bigger. Must make the miss vent the anger.</p>

<p>But in the Le Zhengyu own heart also thinks suffering from injustice, had gone against several after by Xu Xiaoyan, naturally erupted. This can only be without doubt makes contradiction intensify.</p>

<p>This matter, who the bystander persuaded to be also useless. Instead makes them ossify.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is very weary, therefore he rests is very fragrant, Le Zhengyu and Xu Xiaoyan loud dialog cannot awaken by noise him.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu looked at Tang Wulin, suddenly some same life connected feelings, Gu Yue bewildered walked, Na'er has also been missing, is so big regarding the attack of Tang Wulin. own? Where also very to goes.</p>

<p>Soul Guidance High-speed Train is speeding along, steadily and quickly. The place that they must go to is very far, in the entire Douluo Continent northeast seashore. Even if called as Train, wants entire three days of time to arrive. Therefore, this is a far way travels.</p>

<p>Quick, daytime must pass, the world outside glass falls into darkness gradually.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan and Le Zhengyu is not very happy, they are one day have not eaten the thing. Other people have not urged, at this time, in the fit of temper, urged also uselessly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin the money of Teacher(s) there obtaining has apportioned everybody, far way Train has the dining car to dispose. After having had the dinner, some Xu Lizhi worries asked to Ye Xinglan, „Sister Xinglan, Boss has rested entire the day, can awaken him?”</p>

<p>The far way Train chair wants spacious many compared with ordinary Train, the seat back recedes, almost can partly lie down, comfort level not anything issue.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan shook the head, „do not call him, he should not be the weariness on body, but is on spiritual. Since Gu Yue walked, he a little spelled. Let him rest well, he is the person who in us most needs to relax.”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi touches the fat face of own, „does not understand really why Gu Yue must walk, Boss such good person. What matter has unable to discuss? Even if because Spirit Transferring Pagoda has the relations, but between we and Spirit Transferring Pagoda do not have any contradiction!”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan shakes the head, „I am not clear, but should not be simple. The Captain missing that several years, the Gu Yue whole person became silent, so long as did not attend class, she will not keep Academy. She even in desirably maintains the distance with us. specific because of anything, perhaps only then their own is clear, even not completely is clear Captain. Let him rest well, nothing could not solve. The association faces.”</p>

<p>In free time who they spoke, suddenly, Soul Guidance Train vibrated fiercely. The people stare, the next quarter, entire Soul Guidance Train goes to one side suddenly crookedly, the ear-piercing chaffing sound and frightened squeal almost flood in the entire compartment instantaneously.</p>

<p>Slender Soul Guidance Train as if horizontally had been flung in High-speed, threw to fly directly.</p>

<p>Its travel speed is extremely quick, suddenly appear(ance) Transformation almost let have Soul Guidance Train of 16 compartments to disintegrate instantaneously fully.</p>

<p>What situation?</p>

<p>All people are all surprised, even if Shrek Seven Monsters strengths are astonishing, this sudden Transformation also makes them be caught off guard. All was almost is flung from the position instantaneously.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>