<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="828">#828: Sneaks the warehouse</h2>
<p>Therefore, Tang Wulin when underground goes forward slowly, not by various Detector discoveries of North Sea Corps. On Seismometer, what demonstration is only the normal fluctuation under ground. A activity of person, is not enough to make Seismometer sound the warning by far.</p>

<p>Then, Tang Wulin tired on rest a while, restores to continue to unearth. His own does not know how long has dug.</p>

<p>In this period, when he returned the ground has rested twice, really hungrily, returns to sea, hunted and killed Sea Soul Beast, slivered raw fish fillet to treat as food by Golden Dragon Claw Sea Soul Beast. After recovering some energy, returns his underground world to continue to unearth.</p>

<p>„Biting” resounding appear(ance), the Tang Wulin movement stops suddenly immediately. The whole body fine body hair stands erect, the whole person restrains to begin to accrue interest rapidly.</p>

<p>What situation?</p>

<p>Does not dare to release Blue Silver Grass to bring ray of light, Tang Wulin can only release own Qi and Blood Soul Ring, under shining of golden-colored ring of light, his surprised seeing, in the passageway end of own excavation, the metal(s) board has blocked the way together.</p>

<p>metal(s) board? Is this North Sea Corps? Is the underground engineering or isolates the outside?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin gently the palm fitting on that metal(s) board, is feeling silently.</p>

<p>He is close Saint Craftsman stage Blacksmith, regarding the metal(s) familiar far supernormal person. Through touching and Spiritual Strength sensation, can determine metal(s) properties basically.</p>

<p>He such does now, is quick he to distinguish, what in front of own is one type especially near, does not calculate specially rare. But actually very firm. Is Titanium Alloy one.</p>

<p>And does not have any energy fluctuation existence, in other words, this is not large-scale Soul Guidance Device, is only pure alloy.</p>

<p>This made Tang Wulin feel relieved, if were Soul Guidance Device, he had to trouble, if at least wants the means to continue downward, bypassed this metal(s) wall to be good. But if only the pure metal(s) wall, that means that he bigger possibly enters the North Sea Corps underground engineering outer layer. So long as breaks through this metal(s) wall, can enter North Sea Corps.</p>

<p>The heartbeat accelerates slightly, after Tang Wulin ponders moment, stretches out finger slowly, the dark-gold light blade edge drills from the fingertip place slowly, in prick front rare metal(s) that is quietly.</p>

<p>tenacity can rare metal(s) again compared with his Dark Gold Fearful Claw? After the sharp knife blade pricks, revolves under Tang Wulin Control slowly, quick drills a hole.</p>

<p>The Dark Gold Fearful Claw front is releasing light ray of light quietly, extends to a farther place. A moment later, Tang Wulin felt that fingertip one light, he knows that bored through.</p>

<p>Takes back finger quietly, he also for it with amazement.</p>

<p>The thickness of this metal(s) wall, has about two feet. This grade of weighty alloy wall, defense strength absolutely strong, the construction cost is extremely also high. North Sea Corps is really also willing under the initial capital!</p>

<p>One bunch of weak ray of light transmit through eyelet. Why does not know, sees this ray of light time, Tang Wulin has the feeling of having tears streaming down the face. Finally saw to belong to Humanity ray of light! Since mounting Devil Island, he has been living the inhuman life. Can see some human spirits finally.</p>

<p>Do not look is only an eyelet, had this eyelet, Tang Wulin that Spirit Abyss Realm Spiritual Strength has been able to extend the eyelet to enter slowly, sensation silently internal situation.</p>

<p>Just as such that he judges, here is really the North Sea Corps underground engineering, moreover what made his pleasantly surprised was, this was a giant warehouse. In warehouse dazzling is placing various types of Soul Guidance weaponry, are most, impressively Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. Without a doubt, Tang Wulin entered the North Sea Corps most important storage center accidentally. No wonder outer wall alloy can that weighty.</p>

<p>The warehouse biggest advantage is nobody, the biggest fault is, this and other important warehouses, outside defense certainly strong.</p>

<p>Should be what to do good?</p>

<p>In any event, said advanced again. Really is not good can also the old route return. Being able to advance or retreat. First has a look in this warehouse to have the opportunity to exit.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, after Tang Wulin slightly makes ponder, has been located in north in the to speak a shelf dark corner, approaches the position of ground. This position is discovered easily.</p>

<p>Is relying on cutting of Dark Gold Fearful Claw, time is not long, square shape metal(s) was cut slowly, for low key as far as possible, he cut small to speak of one foot square, at his stature, drilled also really somewhat to use energy.</p>

<p>The fresh air made the Tang Wulin feelings open greatly, the comfortable groan nearly made noise. Drills cave entrance quietly, covers to seal up metal(s), so long as is not carefully looked specially that is impossible to discover.</p>

<p>Suddenly, a sense of fear raises from the bottom of the heart, Tang Wulin whole body one stiff, hurries by not to dare to move on the wall.</p>

<p>But is quick he to know that this sense of fear came from where, the sense of fear that has the rack of Skeleton mark from him. On the rack, is placing Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell.</p>

<p>Has the knowledge about Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, Tang Wulin also studies in Academy too much, this is Humanity Ten-thousand Years comes most terrifying weapon after all. It is said that most formidable Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, even if Limit Douluo does not dare to touch hardly. Obviously its mighty energy.</p>

<p>Front these Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell from volume and marking, mainly in 4th Rank to 6th Rank. This is might biggest Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell that the normal fighter aircraft can carry. More formidable artillery shell, needs Super Rank Mecha to carry, to guarantee security.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not moved, but releases Spiritual Strength quietly, the situation of feels this warehouse.</p>

<p>Feeds back through Spiritual Strength, he judges quickly, this is one approximately about 3000 square meters warehouses, inside deposits over 50% are Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. If these many artillery shell explode, perhaps the entire North Sea Corps base can be raised flies.</p>

<p>In addition, some Mecha stockpile, is service pattern Yellow Rank Mecha.</p>

<p>Accurate, this warehouse storage is quite the formidable strategic resources, but is not most Top Rank that type, at least does not have 7th Rank above Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell and higher stage Mecha appear(ance).</p>

<p>In the warehouse has the monitoring camera, but has in the most essential position. As the matter stands, means that Tang Wulin was is not discovered easily, so long as he were more careful.</p>

<p>Has the opportunity!</p>

<p>Spiritual Strength is unable to leave the warehouse, the surroundings metal(s) jade was too thick, therefore outside is any situation Tang Wulin does not know.</p>

<p>After having remembered the positions of all cameras carefully, Tang Wulin starts to move quietly, he must first leave own that entrance to be good. In this case, even if he were discovered that at least the entrance easily had not been discovered that later also has the opportunity of withdrawing.</p>

<p>Only is worth rejoicing is, the warehouse that this type stores up Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell is impossible to have the attack system, otherwise, once the attack system initiates attack, detonated Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell that to be the devastating disaster.</p>

<p>Looked following the wall near probably. This warehouse airtight very good, air, humidity and temperature Control based on this. To be what to do good? Cannot exit from here! Outside has certainly very strong defense strength. Does not have internal pass, own to run out of large door, will be discovered immediately. But here North Sea Corps, Tang Wulin, although is One Word Battle Armor Master, but he does not think that can such hardly rush by the own strength.</p>

<p>Is pondering over own to dig the tunnel in him, moreover looks for an to speak time.</p>

<p>Suddenly, gets up with a series of electronic sounds, warehouse weighty large door opens slowly.</p>

<p>Did some people come?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurried to hide in the corner.</p>

<p>Sure enough, after the gate opens, several people walked from outside.</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket, recommended the ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>