<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="776">#776: Battle Armor stage, Black Rank</h2>
<p>This is a very high hall, the spatial feeling is comfortable. The hall ground is black, in the black ground has to have the mica luster white dragon pattern(s) design.</p>

<p>The hall is divided into regions, the arc counter orderly arrangement, top the hall has 20 meters high from the ground fully, the surroundings wall is the glass composition, can clear seeing outside fog. Really worthily is Sky Dragon Roars.</p>

<p>„, Are you first time arrive at our 101?” The young girls are smiling asking.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nodded, „, my first time arrived here.”</p>

<p>„Is honored at your service very much, you can call me Shui Yu (Water Fish).” The young girls smile to nod the head.</p>

<p>„Shui Yu (Water Fish), very unusual name.” Tang Wulin somewhat surprisedly visits her.</p>

<p>The young girls unfold the face to smile, „, everybody said. Our staff have title, I live in the coastal city, my Martial Soul is Fish-Type. I usually always like crying, everybody said that my water were too many, therefore called me Shui Yu (Water Fish).”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin smiles, this smiles, immediately Shui Yu (Water Fish) looks slightly one dull, in the heart mused that this youth is much longer leads! He smiles as if to be able the vision of person to hold.</p>

<p>„You, since is first time arrived here, I simply introduced for you. Spirit Transferring Pagoda attaches great importance to all Battle Armor Master, therefore, gave the service of Battle Armor Master to set up this special region. We hope that each Battle Armor Master can be similar to True Dragon sends out own sounds/voices in the Soul Master world generally, therefore here is called, Sky Dragon Roars.”</p>

<p>„Battle Armor Master after our Spirit Transferring Pagoda registers, will obtain a series of courteous reception. First we will provide the distinguished guest service that ordinary Soul Master does not have for you. Every year you can enter Intermediate Spirit Raising Platform free two, Soul Spirit Pagoda one time. Simultaneously can the half price enter Advanced Spirit Raising Platform one time. This is to the foundation service of One Word Battle Armor Master. If you can promote to higher stage, then, will also obtain a higher courteous reception.”</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin heart one startled, he knows that Spirit Raising Platform enters needs many resources. Intermediate can Spirit Raising Platform actually enter free twice? Takes his present cultivation as, Intermediate Spirit Raising Platform should be able the wanderer one. But there , to promote the own Soul Ring age limit is very appropriate.</p>

<p>„What that need do I pay?” Asking that Tang Wulin maintains composure.</p>

<p>Shui Yu (Water Fish) said with a smile: „Anything does not need. So long as you completed the registration to be OK here. Meanwhile, Spirit Transferring Pagoda has special provides to Battle Armor Master some task, if you are interested to receive. The task reward that we give certainly is highest. Soul Master or Battle Armor Master, we are Platform. As the Platform side, we will certainly give you such honored distinguished guest all convenience services. In order to help you be able to arrive at higher stage in the future.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and Spirit Transferring Pagoda had to do had not short time, but he was first time knows that the service of Spirit Transferring Pagoda can actually achieve so the degree.</p>

<p>No wonder they can become now the Continent first big organizations, only bosses around the Soul Master method, is other organizations does not have.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin cannot bear ask: „If provides to us facilitates and welfare, has not actually requested, this is not quite as if reasonable.”</p>

<p>Shui Yu (Water Fish) has spat under the tongue, appears very adorable, „actually we have our working methods, after your became a habit welfare of Spirit Transferring Pagoda, naturally hope to enjoy many welfare. For example enters Advanced Spirit Raising Platform, for example obtains High Rank Soul Spirit wait / etc.. But not only these need to pay money, the services of some high stage also need certain task points to take payment way (of life) beyond money. In other words, when you need the service of some higher stage, you need to help Spirit Transferring Pagoda complete some task.”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart suddenly, not having the space to fall the meat pie the matter.</p>

<p>„Meanwhile, you must maintain must wear the communication watch that our Spirit Transferring Pagoda provides every day, to help us provide some task detailed lists to you, you can not receive, but needs to wear it. Only then wears the watch to achieve certain time every day, can enjoy all welfare benefits.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has smiled, Spirit Transferring Pagoda is really fierce! This seems is the minor matter, but, makes Spirit Transferring Pagoda have ability to be able, in same time will want to provide to Soul Master particularly Battle Armor Master who on Soul Master news first time transmits all registrations. This point was too formidable.</p>

<p>In other words, so long as Spirit Transferring Pagoda thinks that it can disseminate the news immediately to massive Soul Master Elite, can provide some task in massive Soul Master Elite. Although the Control strength is not very strong, but at least can boss around Soul Master. But regarding Soul Master, Spirit Transferring Pagoda Soul Spirit is each Soul Master is impossible to give up, therefore, Soul Master will have the dependence to Spirit Transferring Pagoda.</p>

<p>Tang Sect inheritance is no wonder longer than Spirit Transferring Pagoda, will have substituted for the status of first big organization by Spirit Transferring Pagoda. This is the monopoly was fierce.</p>

<p>„I understood, then, can we carry on Battle Armor to register now?” Tang Wulin asked.</p>

<p>„of course, you come with me.” Before Shui Yu (Water Fish) brings Tang Wulin is arriving at a counter, after the counter said with her attire same beautiful woman staff: „Battle Armor Master of this respect must name his Battle Armor.”</p>

<p>The staff after counter stand up saying: „Please first evaluate to the testing room with us.”</p>

<p>Evaluated the Battle Armor Master status the method to be simple, released Battle Armor, and carried on energy to scan, confirmed that Battle Armor amplification effect as well as Battle Armor complete set, was enough.</p>

<p>Testing room behind counter, this is a room of hexagon, in the ground is the complex Soul Guidance Method Array mark. The research in Tang Wulin not anything this aspect, but thinks very magnificently. Above the top of the head is hanging a circular instrument.</p>

<p>„Please release Battle Armor.” Shui Yu (Water Fish) said.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin thought moves, selects point ray of light to shine in various body places.</p>

<p>„Two Word Battle Armor?” Shui Yu (Water Fish) and another staff simultaneously lose one's voice to say.</p>

<p>golden-colored Battle Armor reappears, but covers whole body, when golden-colored mask falls covers the face of Tang Wulin, aura that on his whole person sends out made two staff both surprised has covered the mouth.</p>

<p>Very strong dignity.</p>

<p>They as the Sky Dragon Roars staff, were many, but Battle Armor also saw dignity such heavy Battle Armor actually first like Tang Wulin that time saw.</p>

<p>In fact, is not in Battle Armor dignity, but when Battle Armor and Tang Wulin own aura fuses in together, after having brought back his bloodline aura, will send out the so intense dignity.</p>

<p>Light beam drops from the clouds, shines on Tang Wulin. Tang Wulin only thought that had any thing as if to pass over gently and swiftly from own.</p>

<p>Quick, electronic sound gets up.</p>

<p>„Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor, Battle Armor stage, Black Rank.”</p>

<p>Had about Battle Armor stage, Tang Wulin had already heard. Like Mecha, on Douluo Continent, has the stage appraisal about Soul Master, is with the Soul Ring same color system that uses, from low to high, white, yellow, purple, black and red! Most adds golden-colored again.</p>

<p>What Battle Armor stage finger is, Battle Armor of same rank, some different stage differentiate. For example, similarly is One Word Battle Armor, Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor and ordinary One Word Battle Armor definitely is not stage, this point is without a doubt.</p>

<p>Regarding Battle Armor Master, One Word Battle Armor can only say crosses the threshold, therefore, what everybody when manufacture One Word Battle Armor is more important accumulates experience, after all, Two Word Battle Armor must again manufacture.</p>

<p>Therefore, the One Word Battle Armor majority are White Rank and Yellow Rank. Can achieve Purple Rank is very rare. But generally speaking, Purple Rank is also the One Word Battle Armor limit. Because of by One Word Battle Armor metal(s) itself, the appraisal also arrived here.</p>

<p>-----------------</p>

<p>Sought the recommendation vote support again! ~( to be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>