<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="857">#857: Ancestral Master selection and broadcast</h2>
<p>On the Yun Ming face reveals a light smile, „this I was not worried, not only he Academy Shrek Seven Monsters, is Tang Sect Battle Member. My this time regulation(s) that is to violate Academy sets, is increasing some Test to him. Plans the conference to inform, supplements Tang Wulin is to prepare Sea God Pavilion Ancient. However, the news must to the outside surface, including to Tang Wulin own.”</p>

<p>„Yes!”</p>

<p>Yun Ming stands up, holds on wife's hand, „actually, I very much will also anticipate to visit him also to be able in the future Creation what kind of miracle. All previous Sea God Pavilion Master must experience innumerable wheting to shoulder the heavy responsibility finally.”</p>

<p>Ya Li shows a faint smile, „I like this child very much, I believe him certainly. According to Academy regulation(s), can complete Devil Island completely Test, can become Sea God Pavilion Ancient. way (of life) that if can break the record completes Test, then, is the next generation Sea God Pavilion Master successor. His result is obvious to all.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming shows a faint smile, „I have discretion.”</p>

<p>Left Sea God Pavilion, Tang Wulin somewhat is bewildered, Sea God Pavilion Master Old Yun arrives at shore edge joint own personally, to direct own how many Soul Power vortex the methods of cultivate? He can feel that Yun Ming somewhat starts to speak but hesitates, but does not know that actually he must say anything.</p>

<p>However, Old Yun as if accepted own to a certain extent, this finally is a good deed.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin returned to the own dwelling first, brings the thing of own depositing on the body, then arrives at the log cabin that Scarlet Dragon Douluo Zhuo Shi lived.</p>

<p>„Ancestral Master.”</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi is exposing to the sun Sun in the courtyard, had repaired to this is, has not needed frequently cultivate, more actually senses Heaven and Earth, needs the instantaneous sudden enlightenment to make the breakthrough to be possible.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi visits him to arrive, is not surprised, shows a faint smile, said: „Did Pavilion Master look for you?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin curious [say / way]: „Did you know?”</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi said with a smile: „He looks for you are very normal matter. Come, sits the little while to Ancestral Master here.” At the same time was saying, he has referred to own position.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin arrives at side Zhuo Shi to sit down, Zhuo Shi said: „Talks about your trip of experiences.” Then, he has closed both eyes.</p>

<p>It is not good to conceal to Ancestral Master Tang Wulin of course anything, immediately, he spoke the companion trip of bitter experiences of own and in detail. From being called as Soul Guidance High-speed Train has an accident, facing formidable Evil Soul Master, arrived again afterward arrived at North Sea City as well as said in all line on Devil Island having in detail. Had not mentioned finally own comes back to participate has the Battle Member motion about Tang Sect.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi has closed one's eyes to listen to him to narrate, said finally until him, again opening eyes pupil.</p>

<p>Sighed one lightly, Zhuo Shi said: „The Continent peace as if arrived at the end. Our generation was old, in the future changed Continent, to protect Continent task is the matters of your young people.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin visits him surprisedly, „is Ancestral Master, so really serious?”</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi sinking sound track: „Will only think you are more serious . The Federation high level had some problems, some people of flagrant starts started the Federation interior battle. Superficially, Federation is uneventful, but in fact, the internal struggle was intense. But this Heaven Dou City matter, is outside one time of internal struggle manifests. Mo Wu as Federation Member of Parliament, he is the important successor who a clique trains, actually falls in this Holy Spirit Cult the lower part of the body of surprise attack, this has caused a Federation internal contradictions about intensification. Which side politician although cannot reach an agreement and Holy Spirit Cult has the relations. But what without a doubt is, good that such Holy Spirit Cult can hide, Federation actually takes Evil Soul Master Sect not to have the means that above does not have protective umbrella this is impossible.”</p>

<p>„Tumultuous times as if soon appear(ance), not only Federation had problems, I heard, Spirit Transferring Pagoda also has issue appear(ance). Even that side Star Luo Empire, the Green Skeleton organization as if obtained anything to support, promoted with the Star Luo Empire official war continually. As if entire Douluo Star becomes is not peaceful.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin brain is rotating unceasingly, pondering. But, he discovered that own is confused, since all, he has been only a Shrek Academy student, too had not understood the Continent situation that what are more is only assiduous cultivate.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi said: „You have not needed to think now many, genuine involves in this, but must wait till you to graduate after Inner Court. However, you remember, is the head of Shrek Academy this generation of Shrek Seven Monsters, your Duty-bound Responsibility. Since Shrek Academy has been neutral, but this aims at the Continent peace period. Once appear(ance) might subvert Continent, brings the fatal threat to the general publics existence, Academy also same decisive act . Do you understand my meaning?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nods the head slightly, without a doubt, Shrek Academy counts Ten-thousand Years inheritance, has the ingrained status on Douluo Continent, the Academy outstanding graduating cadets have almost in the major influences, once Academy calls from a high place, strength that can summon absolutely is very fearful.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi lifts the hand to hold down the shoulder of Tang Wulin, „, the pressure will be getting bigger and bigger, the tour of this Devil Island you will meet genuine to understand to your advantage in the future. I hope that you can achieve the pressure to be bigger, power to be bigger. Come, you recently cultivate some issues, said including the Golden Dragon Nine Styles issue.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has treated in the Zhuo Shi log cabin in the evening, after the direction of Zhuo Shi, recently appear(ance) some issues completely will be solved.</p>

<p>In the evening he kept on Sea God Island.</p>

<p>He lives, in Gu Yue leaves in his log cabin, sits in the bedside, looks at the out of the window bright moonlight, in the mind reappears this that tender face, as if can feel her flavor.</p>

<p>Front silver dragon scales under shining of moonlight, is reflecting the gentle brilliance, that night, sleepless.</p>

<p>The second day very early in the morning, Tang Wulin left Academy, yesterday he had said to Zhuo Shi, he will arrive at Heaven Dou City one month, follows Divine Craftsman Zhen Hua to continue to study forging.</p>

<p>His forging level arrived at very important bottleneck now, once he can complete Soul Refinement, will then enter another realm in the forging aspect, as now forging youngest 6th Rank Blacksmith, once breaks through, he has the infinite possibility in the forging aspect.</p>

<p>Left Academy, Tang Wulin had not gone to the Soul Guidance High-speed Train station to ride Soul Guidance Train. He really has feared to Soul Guidance Train now, particularly has feared from Shrek City to Heaven Dou City this. On this Train, he does not know that has had many matters. For own, for the safety of others other passengers, he decided that own does not sit Soul Guidance Train to be quite good.</p>

<p>Arrived at Tang Sect, Battle Soul Hall, Tang Wulin has exchanged bright Tang Sect Combat Car with own accumulated points directly.</p>

<p>On that day after riding Combat Car, he is also has only one in mind to this Little Thing, speed did not say quickly, and was stable. Only is a pity does not have privilege, various facility also far ultra ordinary vehicles that but so, on the vehicle provides.</p>

<p>As for his Mecha, has taken carry back, later promoted on. But Mecha is different from the automobile, control of Federation to Mecha is strict, especially now is very special period.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Battle Member accumulated points are quite many, exchanges Tang Sect Combat Car also some surplus. Combat Car had also been admitted in own storage ring by him. Went out to release.</p>

<p>Different with Tang Sect Combat Car that day rode, what this exchange was one has three rows of seats, can most ride Tang Sect Combat Car of eight people, speed did not have on that day that rapidness, but the cross-country performance was actually much better.</p>

<p>The Shrek Seven Monsters seven people, many seat, naturally leave her......</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>