<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="767">#767: They walked</h2>
<p>Gu Yue sighed, „, but you should know, many did not abandon, you did not have origin, you were doomed to come back. Otherwise can only vanish into thin air. You have said that after you return, you are I, I am you. I will let loose all, since the slight defect changed into the fissure, then, makes us accept this fissure together. Perhaps, all will be different.”</p>

<p>The silvery-white form overlaps, Na'er and Gu Yue open their both arms separately. Two forms start to fuse slowly, the Gu Yue black hair vanished, the black pupil turned into purple. The Na'er naivete vanished, she is growing up slowly.</p>

<p>When their appearances became exactly the same, when changes into grows up three -year-old Dragon Spear Goddess, silver light suddenly dodges, vanishes in the silent Sea God lakeside.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not know how long own has rested, he only thought very much own for a long time very long has not rested was so happy. That feeling, is hard to describe in the spoken language simply.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue!” Suddenly where he has remembered own, has not opened the eye, on the face completely satisfies. Smells fragrance that on her is in sole possession, subconscious opening arm, seeks her tender body. Last night anything had not occurred, he hugged her to rest an evening, that was blending of emotion, but at this moment, perhaps was rising sun that because early morning brought, his innermost feelings fiery. Although he does not know how should do, but the instinct is clear.</p>

<p>But, his hand has actually traced spatial, has not traced in the side to that moving tender body. He still clearly remembers that her tender body willowy, does not have the least bit excrescence, hugs in the bosom, comfortable of not being able to say.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue.” Tang Wulin summoned one again, has opened a pupil.</p>

<p>The sunlight sprinkles into room by the window corner, a wisp falls on him, warm particularly comfortable. In log cabin empty, neat clean. On the table, is placing a very big gift box.</p>

<p>Is breakfast that she gives me to prepare?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin jumped down from the bed, which did the Gu Yue person go? In the heart is having this thought that before he has arrived at the table, has lifted the gift box.</p>

<p>Immediately, the rich fragrance caresses the face.</p>

<p>Eats the Tang Wulin flash of numerous good food to judge, the food in this gift box is the nutritional value very high good thing.</p>

<p>„Oh. Good. The ruby shrimp, has not eaten to have been for a long time. Such bulk lots. Comes back! Only then on Douluo Continent so many delicious.”</p>

<p>The gift box altogether is divided into six, each is a flavor extremely good the good thing of nutritional value superelevation. Could see, these things do unusual is fine, has spent the thoughts absolutely.</p>

<p>Which Tang Wulin will be polite, immediately made chewing motions greatly quickly. Quick, full mouth fragrance at the same time, in the belly was warm, comfortable of not being able to say.</p>

<p>Food energy sends out all the limbs and bones, that feeling was really too wonderful.</p>

<p>Ate to the full comfortably! Which did Gu Yue go? Was attended class? How to have come back?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shoved open the door to walk. Outside the door is a small courtyard, is not big, but actually green and luxuriant completely is the vegetation, has filled Life aura.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, puts out the foul air again slowly. Immediately thought the whole body is changed beyond recognition.</p>

<p>„Which did Gu Yue go? Ok, in room she. Always compares looks to be better randomly, she knows me here, should be quick.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin returns to the room, while he prepares meditation a while to wait for Gu Yue comes back. Suddenly, on bedside table hears sound.</p>

<p>Turns head to look that sees only exquisite Soul Guide Communication Device to lie down there.</p>

<p>Is Gu Yue? She has not brought communications device!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin walked to take in the past, hesitant, has chosen the connection.</p>

<p>„Hey, hello, I am the Gu Yue friend, she has not brought Soul Guide Communication Device, you have any matter, when she comes back me to pass on as soon as possible.” After Tang Wulin puts through Soul Guide Communication Device, immediately very polite saying.</p>

<p>But what made his surprised was, another side of communications device did not have sounds/voices.</p>

<p>„Hey, hello? Can you be able to hear?” Tang Wulin closely examined one.</p>

<p>Another side does not have sounds/voices.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin wrinkled frown, „, if you did not speak I when the signal was not good to hang up!”</p>

<p>„Wulin.” Finally, opposite somewhat difficult as has resounded a summon.</p>

<p>Hears this sounds/voices, why does not know, in Tang Wulin heart suddenly „thump”. On face expression also along with it dignified several points.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue?” Tang Wulin is probing asking.</p>

<p>„Um.” Gu Yue should say in a soft voice.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Where are you at?”</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that Gu Yue irrelevantly replied: „Eats to food that you did leave behind?”</p>

<p>„Has eaten, is delicious. You quickly come back. I just now come back, has not known how should enter Inner Court.” Tang Wulin says with a smile.</p>

<p>Gu Yue said: „Sorry, Wulin.”</p>

<p>„How?” Tang Wulin is suppressing the restlessness in own heart reluctantly.</p>

<p>„I must walk.” Gu Yue said finally.</p>

<p>„Walked? Do you want to go?” Tang Wulin rapid asking.</p>

<p>Gu Yue sounds/voices sobbed, „I must walk, for my own, for you, I must walk. Sorry, Wulin, I walked.”</p>

<p>Here, Soul Guide Communicator hung up suddenly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was silly immediately, he hurries to dial the number that Gu Yue dials, but is actually a piece of busy signal, cannot put through.</p>

<p>He not willingly allocates number repeatedly, attempt repeatedly. But hears has the busy signal, in addition, does not have least bit Transformation.</p>

<p>Walked? Did she walk? Can she go? It is not good, I must look for him.</p>

<p>A Tang Wulin hand is gripping Soul Guide Communication Device, flies also to resemble flushed. He just now rushes out, suddenly, a copious formidable force majeure drops from the clouds suddenly, Tang Wulin only thought that own ran upon a tenacity incomparable wall, the body rebound returned, numerous falling on the ground.</p>

<p>Must know, his strength very terrifying, although only started, but that impact absolutely is not weak, by the easy rebound, that counter- tension had formidable how obviously.</p>

<p>The form drops from the clouds together.</p>

<p>That is handsome youth, but on the handsome face the anger thrives at this time. He beckons toward Tang Wulin, body of Tang Wulin not by Control has flown in his hand, was held the front by him.</p>

<p>„Na'er? Does Na'er go?” Usually is always wind light Yun Dan, does not know Yun Ming that many years have not gotten angry, at this time are the anger soar to the heavens simply.</p>

<p>„Na'er?” In Tang Wulin heart anxious, time has not awakened.</p>

<p>Yun Ming lifts the hand, is a palm of the hand pulls out above him, Peak icy aura spreads over the Tang Wulin whole body instantaneously, making him hit to tremble smartly spirit, thus came soberly.</p>

<p>„Na'er? Na'er how?” Tang Wulin hurries anxious asking.</p>

<p>Yun Ming also calms down at this time, he is the what kind status, lets go, places the ground Tang Wulin. Then correspondence in the hand has given him.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin takes the letter paper to look that immediately dumbfounded.</p>

<p>„Teacher(s), Na'er is unfair to you. But Na'er must walk. I do not give up you, does not give up the teacher's wife, does not give up on Sea God Island all, all. But, Na'er must walk. Don't you want to be sad? Na'er has the reason that has to walk, but I must tell you, Na'er continuously you, when Father regards. Like me and Elder Brother Daddy. Teacher(s), you and teacher's wife should not be sad, Na'er is all right, Na'er all will be very good, Na'er walked. You help me look after Elder Brother, Elder Brother is specially outstanding, if possible, you also receive him for the person. Also, you passed on to Elder Brother, Na'er are all right, said that Na'er was looks for Aunt Daddy.”</p>

<p>The inscription is: Loves your Na'er.</p>

<p>This letter not many contents, but said a matter, is, Na'er walked!</p>

<p>-------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>