<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="823">#823: Airborne hijack</h2>
<p>speed that air current assault, Tang Wulin drops starts to reduce. Wipes the light smile also along with it appear(ance) on his face. Thinks really I don't have the means? Already thought.</p>

<p>The Blue Silver Grass wondrous use, showed at this time without doubt. If is really the grass, of course is impossible to withstand such strong assault strength, but this is Blue Silver Emperor, in addition has the Blue Silver Overlord Transformation amplification, is only load bearing his weight, that was the relaxed matter.</p>

<p>However, the Tang Wulin smiling face just reappeared, quick stiffened on the face.</p>

<p>Because he saw impressively that two Sky Flyer 17 one plunder from the own side.</p>

<p>North Sea Corps reaction was also too quick!</p>

<p>Two Sky Flyer 17 in airborne have captured, their once more appear(ance) in front of Tang Wulin, speed markedly reduced, then Tang Wulin saw that a big net heads on, covered the body of own directly.</p>

<p>Airborne capture?</p>

<p>This is his second time facing airborne caught, previous facing time, he used Tyrannosaurus to break the capture of North Sea Corps aircraft. These time cannot do obviously again.</p>

<p>Here is nearby North Sea Corps sky sea area, even if crashes, own is also the dead pigeon.</p>

<p>However, was held by the airborne capture network, Tang Wulin is actually not startled counter- happy, the body was brought to fly by aircraft High-speed horizontally. For serveral days suffering of Nightmare Old Devil played very good role. At least Tang Wulin not after that formidable assault strength arrives suddenly on faint in the past.</p>

<p>The airborne capture network transmits intense electric current, Tang Wulin whole body tingles with numbness immediately. Battle Armor protects the body, appear(ance), covers the whole body voluntarily. Tang Wulin cold snort, both hands fling, two Blue Silver Emperor Bind on, increase following the capture network upwardly, Bind on the aircraft tail wing, at the same time, he has drawn is entraining Blue Silver Grass, making own approach aircraft itself more and more.</p>

<p>North Sea Corps pilot had not realized obviously this issue, the airborne capture network caught airborne troops that is the easiest matter, so long as generally the airborne capture caught, the assault strength that had instantaneously will directly make the opposite party lose the resistance, even if the opposite party physical quality were extremely good, that also in the following high-voltage by electronics corona.</p>

<p>So long as is not Two Word Battle Armor Master above existence, the airborne capture almost goes smoothly everywhere. What a pity, this time faces, is Tang Wulin this body intensity is not inferior in Two Word Battle Armor Master existence.</p>

<p>Relies on Blue Silver Grass to entrain, Tang Wulin climbed up the following wing quickly. At this time, this Sky Flyer 17 started to return. Tang Wulin is relying on Blue Silver Grass Bind, drew close to the position of cockpit slowly.</p>

<p>The pilots were driving steadily, suddenly thought that the ray was gloomier, in he is perplexed, near the ear suddenly hears the knocking.</p>

<p>Subconscious, he looks up upwardly, just saw lies Tang Wulin on cockpit waved to him. That meaning, seems makes him exit.</p>

<p>pilot startles greatly, but his reaction is actually very rapid, Control aircraft, has been completing instantaneously a lateral tumbling.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, the to shatter sound gets up, a pair of shining Sharp Claws has grasped into the high-strength glass of cockpit. The next quarter, the cockpit was patted directly broken. Tang Wulin stands up from failure, infiltrated. Fell on the following position.</p>

<p>„Bye!” Tang Wulin pats the ejection button, aircraft also in the High-speed tumbling process, that pilot by ejection. After the ejection exits, will have the parachute naturally. Is relying on sharp Golden Dragon Claw, Tang Wulin in High-speed tumbling aircraft, own steady fixing. Then Blue Silver Emperor drill rapidly, Bind on aircraft, is relying on the mask of Blue Silver Grass, seals up the cockpit temporarily.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin holds own Blue Silver Emperor, crawled the driving position, was skilled and rapid Control buttons.</p>

<p>At this time, Sky Flyer 17 in completely is the ear-piercing alarm sound, Tang Wulin has shut off and communication of control tower first, then holds on the joystick, under a series of disturbance control familiar Control, enabled this aircraft to grasp balanced.</p>

<p>„Whiz!” Sky Flyer 17 rapid passed over gently and swiftly from his side. Obviously was just another aircraft. In front of his flying fast. The airborne capture network releases once more, this aiming at is actually entire puts up aircraft that Tang Wulin drives.</p>

<p>Where Tang Wulin can make its such Control live in own! Pushes the joystick, Sky Flyer 17 under presses suddenly, relaxed the facing set from the airborne capture network in the past, then rear turbine wheel injection orifice Great Release of Rays of Light, promoting aircraft to increase speed instantaneously, one has surpassed another aircraft, flies in the Devil Island direction.</p>

<p>Another aircraft does not want to give up obviously, because Tang Wulin has shut off the communication, behind, a series of aerial cannon sounds get up, the big piece light rain sprinkles.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is unhurriedly, both hands illusory has swept on front Control board, the Sky Flyer 17 crosswise tumblings, have rapidly made a series of circumvention movements.</p>

<p>Skill named Bat Maneuvers that the matter that he does not know, own displays at this time.</p>

<p>bat relies on the ultrasonic wave to make various keenest circumventions regarding the ascertainment of object, its circumvention movement is most is also unpredictable. The rear aerial cannon fails completely, Tang Wulin turns around aircraft, the sudden nose oven, aircraft from the sky draws together the perfect ring-like arc backward, once more when appear(ance), already in another aircraft rear area.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hesitant, finally has not launched the aerial cannon, a fierce acceleration, flushes away below sea level direction.</p>

<p>Front aircraft was circled suddenly by the match behind, this of course is the most dangerous situation, because own will directly become a target, will hurry to make a series of circumvention movements. But when he saw on the radar aircraft of Tang Wulin driving is far away, to pursued again already without enough time.</p>

<p>30 kilometers distance is written in water regarding High-speed flying aircraft. ray of light flashes through, aircraft of Tang Wulin control submerged the Devil Island range to vanish without the trace.</p>

<p>„Oh!” Tang Wulin sits in hood aircraft exudes one to cheer, effort has brandished the arm of own, aircraft under his control, falls in the ground steadily. But shortly after Nightmare Old Devil also just just came back.</p>

<p>Looks that cheers Tang Wulin that jumps down from aircraft, on the Nightmare Old Devil face flashes through different color.</p>

<p>„You very happily?” Nightmare Old Devil light looks at Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin restraining smiling face, somewhat vigilantly visits him, but said: „You made me who I was achieve. I opened aircraft. Now can let off my companion?”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil has smiled, „lets off them? When I said that must let off them. Come, making me have a look at their present situations.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, his right hand in airborne wields, that once picture once again appear(ance).</p>

<p>However, when Tang Wulin sees that picture again, sees impressively is, the bunch of pink mist dispersed in the cavern, have covered six people in three cavern.</p>

<p>„You......” Tang Wulin have a big shock, just because of recapturing aircraft produced excited nothing left.</p>

<p>On the Nightmare Old Devil face reveals the dark smiling face, „embarrassed, incautiously does not have Control to be good, made the gas cloud reveal unexpectedly. This may not be easy to do!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin one step overruns, right hand Golden Dragon Claw Great Release of Rays of Light, has divided toward Nightmare Old Devil directly. Received these many days to offend, has completed the request of Nightmare Old Devil finally, but he actually......, This time Tang Wulin, already some nearly madness.</p>

<p>If makes companion really......</p>

<p>How they also live!</p>

<p>illusory Light and Shadow dodges, Tang Wulin attack falls on the vacancy.</p>

<p>The Nightmare Old Devil right hand wields, suddenly, the pink mist in that three cavern as if are received Control to be common, was attracted to absorb, restored spherical appearance originally.</p>

  </body>
</html>