<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="779">#779: Five Rings Soul King!</h2>
<p>The old man light [say / way] of: „I am unable to discuss these with you, because I was not clear on you to have anything. But I can actually feel Transformation of your body, can feel your Blue Silver Emperor bloodline. Initially, is he transplants me, has given my this good fortune, making me vertical take root, finally awakened completely, became such Life shape, since you were his descendant. Then, I give you a good fortune.”</p>

<p>„You......” Tang Wulin just said a character, suddenly, surroundings all turned into rich and bright golden-colored, he only thought that has innumerable golden-colored to integrate own within the body instantaneously, Blue Silver Emperor swarm from his body, but this time Blue Silver Emperor actually all turned into Can golden-colored.</p>

<p>Their dig in the ground, turned into golden-colored the surroundings earth. On the Tang Wulin forehead golden light (Jin Guang) dodges, a golden-colored trace of crotch shape reappears.</p>

<p>Next flickers, he immersed in this golden-colored sea.</p>

<p>Whole body is warm, comfortable of not being able to say. Especially the spiritual world, the Tang Wulin surprised discovery, own spiritual sea turned into bright golden-colored completely. Many that too Spiritual Strength itself has not promoted, even also reduced most probably, but his spiritual sea not only liquefies completely, has the type viscous to feel appear(ance). What is more important, he felt that the heart of own became insightful, the unprecedented insight, in cultivate all sorts think before not the clear thing achieved mastery through a comprehensive study instantaneously.</p>

<p>This feeling was very marvelous, looks like own suddenly becomes intelligent. Although Tang Wulin own is very clear this is how inconceivable. May in fact, the feeling be so.</p>

<p>The Soul Power 50th Rank bottleneck does not know when has broken through naturally, Soul Power rises to another stage, is washing out his body, but his Soul Power is unexpectedly same as the strength of Qi and Blood, unexpectedly also turned into golden-colored, but is actually slightly blanch golden-colored, slightly has the difference with pure gold-colored of strength of Qi and Blood.</p>

<p>Was this? Actually have I met what?</p>

<p>Soul Power flows, all rivers run into sea. Tang Wulin exhales foul air slowly, then has opened eyes.</p>

<p>When he opens the flash of both eyes, immediately was surprised, frightens to jump from the ground directly.</p>

<p>Because, he discovered surprised, in his side , is not only promising his guard Scarlet Dragon Douluo Zhuo Shi Ancestral Master, really also has several people. On everyone is sending out unequalled terrifying aura. Stands in him directly, impressively is that Sea God Pavilion Master, Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming Old Yun, is Na'er Teacher(s).</p>

<p>The vision of people all centralized on him, moreover seems also the somewhat bad flavor.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has a look at Yun Ming, turns head to have a look around Zhuo Shi again, time was shocked.</p>

<p>The Zhuo Shi expression is somewhat strange, at least from his facial expression, Tang Wulin cannot judge him now is any condition.</p>

<p>„Said, what's the matter?” The Yun Ming sinking sound said.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat dumbfounded [say / way]: „I and I do not know what's the matter. Old Yun, how? I broke through the 50th Rank bottleneck a moment ago! Your this is......”</p>

<p>The corners of the mouth of Yun Ming twitched, „is only? Breaks through the 50th Rank bottleneck?” His sounds/voices raised several points obviously, moreover has the obvious anger flavor.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has swallowed saliva, he does not know really that actually own has made anything, has initiated this Sky Raising Douluo so intense anger unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi coughs, said in a low voice: „Wulin, actually had you just made what? You start shortly after meditation, all Plant on entire Sea God Island all turned into golden-colored......”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin surprised looks at Zhuo Shi, „what? Plant on Sea God Island turned into golden-colored, is the same with my dream in?”</p>

<p>Yes, on Sea God Island all Plant all turned into golden-colored. It seems looks like the islands that a gold casts. Inner Court disciple of Sea God lakeside all looked to stay. But this is also since Sea God Island has constructed, more than 10,000 years never have grand picture.</p>

<p>„In dream?” Yun Ming looks at Tang Wulin, in the eye flashes through the color of thinking, „what did you see in the dream?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has hesitated slightly, formerly own in simply will say that in the meditation process saw.</p>

<p>Yun Ming as well as surroundings several oldest Titled Douluo complexion become somewhat is strange.</p>

<p>Light and Dark Douluo Long Yeyue sighed one lightly, „was his act . However, is really quite strange, is the outcome that he refers to what? Pavilion Master, do you want to communicate with him?”</p>

<p>Suddenly, Yun Ming complexion changes, vision brilliant looks to Tang Wulin, „you said a moment ago that your Martial Soul is Blue Silver Emperor, did the old man also such ask your?”</p>

<p>„Yes!” Tang Wulin saying without hesitation.</p>

<p>„Blue Silver Emperor and bloodline, are impossible to have Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul inheritance. What he refers to is......” time, the expression of Yun Ming whole person becomes shocks.</p>

<p>By his status, does not know how long did not have appear(ance) such expression. Light and Dark Douluo Long Yeyue as if has also thought of anything, on the face the expression is similarly splendid. In two big Titled Douluo looks is even bringing shock.</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that Tang Wulin is confused: „Pavilion Master, what you said is what meaning?”</p>

<p>Yun Ming takes a deep breath tone, sinking sound track: „In Shrek Academy historical, you are not first have the Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul student, but is actually the second person. But before you, who has Blue Silver Emperor, you should know.”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart moves, then a [say / way] of face respect: „You said should found Tang Sect that big energy? Also is Shrek Academy first generation of Shrek Seven Monsters that?”</p>

<p>Yun Ming nodded, „is that. According to the meaning of Old Gold, your bloodline, very possible is inheritance from that......”</p>

<p>A shock of Tang Wulin face, „this and are this possible? That was existence before Twenty-thousand Years. If he has inheritance, I should not be second have the Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul person. Moreover, Pavilion Master, my Martial Soul is Blue Silver Grass, was some time ago because of the promotion of own bloodline, Blue Silver Emperor that the stimulation becomes. Should be Martial Soul two times awakens.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming eye including profound meaning visits him, „before Twenty-thousand Years, that ancestor, similarly is Blue Silver Grass Martial Soul, Blue Silver Emperor that afterward was awakening. Because his Mother is a Hundred-thousand Years Blue Silver Emperor cultivate adult. Therefore had this bloodline. Old Gold will not speak incorrectly, nobody understands the Plant System Martial Soul world compared with him, therefore, your bloodline really may be inheritance from that. Although has separated many generations, but you are also surnamed Tang.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was somewhat ignorant, „you meant that old person in my dream is genuine existence?”</p>

<p>Yun Ming cold snort, „you may know, in you a moment ago in meditation process, Sea God Island genuine center, because your energy sharp decline surpasses 30%.”</p>

<p>Doubts of Tang Wulin face, his of course does not understand. Does not know that Yun Ming was saying anything.</p>

<p>„Everybody comes with me.” At the same time was saying, Yun Ming wields toward the Tang Wulin big sleeve, Tang Wulin only thought that body of own instantaneously not by Control, becomes dark, at present a fuzziness, but also does not have what ill place.</p>

<p>ray of light dodges, when he at present the scenery becomes clear, he went to another place.</p>

<p>First what heaves in sight is a lofty tree, this great tree was really too big, some crown could not look at the feeling of boundary unexpectedly, under the big tree, the giant tree room, depended on it unexpectedly completely, but existence. Sets up in the room to be hanging together inscribed horizontal tablet, above has three large characters.</p>

<p>Sea God Pavilion!</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart shakes, he is first time arrived here, what without a doubt is, here is Shrek Academy, is as for Shrek City most Nucleus location, Sea God Pavilion! Place that Sea God Pavilion Ancient can live.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>