<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="829">#829: Staff Officer Shen</h2>
<p>Walks in the forefront, is one puts on the young girl of major military uniform. Her stature is extremely good, the military uniform is unable to cover up that has to concave-convex the tender body. On pretty face full is cold frost, flavor that somewhat the stranger do not enter greatly.</p>

<p>The leather boots tread in the metal(s) ground, exudes the clear collision sound.</p>

<p>„Did inventorying quantity have the result? Previous few two 5th Rank do Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell find out the feature?” Asking that the young girl military officer lets somebody cool off or calm down.</p>

<p>Follows in her side similarly is a major, this male military officer seems had three, 40-year-old appearances, the whole face compensates the [say / way] that smiles: „Staff Officer Shen, we were investigating, but currently did not have the result. Inventorying has also been completed, is consistent with the previous quantity.”</p>

<p>Staff Officer Shen stops the footsteps, lets somebody cool off or calm down looks to him, said: „Your meaning i.e., that two 5th Rank did Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell lose really? Do you know that what this does mean?”</p>

<p>That male major complexion changes, the forehead sweats, „knows and knows that I as soon as possible put certainly out the findings. We investigated all monitoring video recording, really not any discovery. We plan again to install the probe head in the warehouse immediately, must not guarantee any dead angle. Staff Officer Shen, but must trouble you to give me before the general fine talk several. You also know that my Lao Chen is always timid, how possibly to make the matter that embezzles?”</p>

<p>Staff Officer Shen sneers, „has to embezzle your own to be clear. No matter these I, I want result. That two 5th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell could not find, even if the general cannot protect you. Gives you again three days of time, I want the result, does not want to listen to your mental journey.”</p>

<p>„Yes, yes, in three days, I put certainly out a result to come.” Major Chen wiped the cold sweat on forehead, in the heart complained of hardship secretly.</p>

<p>„Leads me to have a look in the warehouse.” Staff Officer Shen ice-cold complexion slightly has relaxed several points at this time , to continue to inspect the warehouse under the leadership of Major Chen.</p>

<p>Opportunity!</p>

<p>Without a doubt, this is a golden good opportunity, not fault-tolerant good opportunity.</p>

<p>Almost does not have hesitant any, Tang Wulin fled.</p>

<p>Two majors behind, are only with four soldiers, Tang Wulin almost moves sideways, four soldiers softly have fallen to the ground.</p>

<p>Staff Officer Shen and Major Chen first time comes on reaction. Ten tree root Blue Silver Emperor have caressed the face to go to them.</p>

<p>Major Chen calls out in alarm one, wants to brace oneself the Soul Guidance pistol, actually directly by Blue Silver Emperor Bind solidity. It seems the 20-year-old Staff Officer Shen reflection is rapid, after she first is one leaps, two yellow two purple four Soul Ring rapid raise from the under foot.</p>

<p>Unexpectedly is Four Rings Soul Ancestor?</p>

<p>Staff Officer Shen aura suddenly changes cold, the temperature in air also with it reduction, the cold and gloomy air current blooms with the innumerable snowflakes, directly soars Tang Wulin to cover.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin knows that at this time own under the monitor, was unable to delay time, four golden-colored ring of light raise at the same time, third ring of light has shone.</p>

<p>„Raising” spirited Golden Dragon Roars made the entire warehouse get up along with it fluctuation.</p>

<p>Four Soul Rings that the Staff Officer Shen whole body megascism, just released was shaken unexpectedly directly has dispersed, the intense dizziness feeling made her one stagger.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Roars facing cultivation to be higher than the own matches can have an effect, let alone at present this cultivation to also be inferior to him.</p>

<p>Moves sideways, Tang Wulin arrived at behind Staff Officer Shen, the racket of left hand on her lower abdomen, the right hand seized her neck.</p>

<p>Staff Officer Shen Soul Power had been sealed up by Tang Wulin directly, Tang Wulin cold voice said: „Do not move, otherwise has killed you.”</p>

<p>Staff Officer Shen did not have fully to restore at this time from Golden Dragon Roars, only thought that intense man aura wells up, making her dizziness feeling as if more intense.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin pats the hand of her Dantian to hug directly on her slender waist, her body is chilly, is especially sensitive to the temperature. She only thought that behind man whole body has filled the blazing male character, made her whole body some worns out and aching.</p>

<p>The enemies raid!</p>

<p>Staff Officer Shen had realized immediately has anything. But she has not definitely been able to revolt at this time.</p>

<p>„You and you cannot be inescapable.” Shen Xing is to shame the anger at this time occurred simultaneously. She had not been contacted by man so close-range. She has not even seen clearly Tang Wulin to be long any appearance. Felt that on the back man transmits intermittent strong firm aura, should be young.</p>

<p>„That is uncertain.” Tang Wulin chuckle, clamped Shen Xing to run out of warehouse large door rapidly.</p>

<p>At this time, the ear-piercing alarm sound has remembered instantaneously. But Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell warehouse heavy, here was hit by the attack suddenly, absolutely is the important matter of shock entire base.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin keeps off Shen Xing in the slanting flank of own body, another hand has taken off Identification Card on her neck.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, this beautiful woman major's status in the North Sea Armed forces is quite good, is relying on Identification Card, he ran out of three electronic entrance guards continuously.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin knows that now they should in the underground deep place of North Sea Corps base, he now first to do, is arrives at the ground to come up.</p>

<p>„How goes to the ground to walk?” Tang Wulin asked to Shen Xing.</p>

<p>„I will not tell you. You want not to think! Had the skill you to kill me.” Saying that Shen Xing lets somebody cool off or calm down.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin light [say / way]: „Has killed you? Why I must kill you. I believe that you do not fear death, but, as a woman, the death was not the most fearful matter.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, the Tang Wulin right hand wields, Shen Xing only thinks on the own right arm one cool, the military uniform sleeves fluttered, changes into fragment(s).</p>

<p>„” In her mouth sends out a scream of ear-piercing, the intense fear spreads over the whole body instantaneously.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin fills Evil sounds/voices to reverberate in her ear, „knows that what I do want to make? I believe that perhaps under these many gazes of monitoring, the North Sea Corps army is visiting us. Your such big beautiful woman, if completely exposes in their eyes, you said that these soldiers can make the profound impression?”</p>

<p>„Your bastard!” Tears not by flowing copiously of Control.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin right hand Golden Dragon Claw lifts once more, „said? Did not say that next time is the entire item coat.”</p>

<p>Will he do really? Answer of course negative, threat, must look for the effect. Since had been trained after by Nightmare Old Devil, Tang Wulin discovered that the heart of own wanted compared with before hardly . Moreover, seemed also easier to seek for others' weakness.</p>

<p>Regarding the girl, particularly the girl of aloof like Shen Xing, the most effective threat method certainly is not Life and Death. Her such miss, regards reputation Life be more important.</p>

<p>of course, if Shen Xing resists stubbornly, in fact Tang Wulin also takes her not to have the means that he cannot tear to pieces others clothes.</p>

<p>But is very obvious, the Shen Xing psychological quality her surface is not good, „right!” She screamed one, tender body in rustle has trembled.</p>

<p>She definitely is unable to imagine, if the body of own exposes the consequences under all monitors. own will certainly go crazy, that really compared with dying more painful matter. At that time, perhaps not only own, entire Family must be shamed because of own!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin satisfied [say / way]: „This was right. However, next time I will ask your anything again, if your reply is not that happy, I will not give the opportunity that you ponder again. Not only in any case, you have the coat, doesn't this have the pants?”</p>

<p>„Your bastard!” Shen Xing only wishes one could behind this fellow to cramp to skin at this time.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin he he smiles, „are more than person of my bastard.”</p>

<p>Really, the passageway right end, there is an elevator. Tang Wulin brushes Identification Card, the elevator door opens accordingly. Tang Wulin brought Shen Xing to enter the elevator directly.</p>

<p>He did not worry that own will catch a turtle in a jar, in the hand has the hostage, in the heart is unhurried. The status of this major is not very obviously ordinary. Four Rings major, but is rarely seen. Should be right of some status.</p>

<p>Moreover, his speed is quick, leaves North Sea Corps reaction time not to be many.</p>

<p>Facts showed that the judgment of Tang Wulin is correct, in the elevator upward process, has not met any obstruction. That flash that but when the elevator door opens, outside, dozens handle Soul Guide Ray Gun have aimed at the elevator to speak.</p>

<p>„Cannot move, lets loose Staff Officer Shen.” Low and deep sounds/voices resounds, the one who stands in all soldier front line is a stature majestic male military officer. Lieutenant Colonel military rank.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin left hand Golden Dragon Claw covers the neck of Shen Xing, said with a smile indifferently: „Makes way. Otherwise, I did not mind that throws a corpse to you.”</p>

<p>That Lieutenant Colonel cold snort one, „aren't you Shrek student? Can Shrek Academy allow you to slaughter innocents? I do not believe that you dare to begin. Immediately is without a fight, otherwise, do not blame us not being impolite.”</p>

<p>Without a doubt, the Tang Wulin status had been recognized.</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket, recommended the ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>