<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="822">#822: Vomiting ...</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin can very clear hears his words, could not speak back and forth on him. He does not know how should respond is good, he only wants in all virulent languages this world to give this.</p>

<p>The next quarter, he fell to the ground softly, the lethargic sleep in the past.</p>

<p>Light and Shadow flashes through together, Disillusioned Old Devil appear(ance) side Nightmare Old Devil.</p>

<p>„Good! Imagines compared with me bans to toss about. Other people two are not good, this Tang Wulin had insisted three just can also scold you in the heart. Really good, is a good seedling. The good seedling to suffer well. Let the storm come is more violent.”</p>

<p>The following day, Tang Wulin fell into the abyss of suffering. So long as wakes, he will be taken aircraft by Nightmare Old Devil, then rises Sky. Upper air high difficulty skill flying repeatedly.</p>

<p>From his second waking time, has not spat, no spitting, can only be disgusting cannot be disgusting. Dizzy cannot be dizzy.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin knows situation that finally why can appear(ance) collapse, because, he thought that the own distance collapses is not far. If beforehand Senior come here experiences such bitter experience, that collapse was too easy.</p>

<p>How long has not known, after Tang Wulin ignorant cannot feel the pain gradually, he discovered that the own state of mind started becomes clear.</p>

<p>He discovered with amazement that own started the adaptation unexpectedly. Yes, regardless of aircraft in airborne how tumbling, anxious acceleration and anxious deceleration, vertical maneuver, flying upside down. The dizziness feeling cannot again appear(ance). He already gradually became a habit, moreover gradually had the sense of direction in the upper air. He can see sea, can see clearly the surroundings fog, how whatever Nightmare Old Devil controls aircraft, that disgusting feeling has been far away gradually. Moreover takes off each time again time, previous time be better.</p>

<p>Gradually, he started somewhat to feel the pleasure of upper air soaring.</p>

<p>„Walks! Nightmare Old Devil. Continue. You were tired, I estimated that you were old, flew motionless?” Tang Wulin wicked [say / way].</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil both hands fork waist, two eyebrows one high one low looks at Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Brat, you think that the old man didn't have the means to put in order you? Very good, since you were not dizzy. Then, changes you to drive to try.”</p>

<p>„Changes me?” Tang Wulin has gawked, turns into the driver from riding, this feeling is absolutely different.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin sits to the driving position, looks at front numerous button and control stage time, why does not know, does not have the appear(ance) strange feeling and frightened feeling in his heart, instead extremely familiar feelings.</p>

<p>Yes! Does not have the means not to be familiar, every day looks that Nightmare Old Devil controls these buttons to suffer own, these buttons early already brand mark in his mind. He has been able clear awareness, which buttons when Nightmare Old Devil presses down own will withstand what kind of assault, can clear awareness, when Nightmare Old Devil appear(ance) what kind of expression, he must do.</p>

<p>Somewhat jerky pressing button, prepares to take off slightly. The familiar feeling becomes more and more clear, lags behind the joystick, Sky Flyer 17 accelerates slowly, then soars suddenly.</p>

<p>When aircraft enters spatial that flash, Tang Wulin only thought that own has to plant to hover, but feeling. Not only the familiar feeling is stronger, that fish enters sea carefree is unprecedented. Before all pain changed into this moment smoothly crisp. He moves several buttons subconsciously, entrains joystick to the final position, direct Control aircraft was coming a tumbling backward in the upper air.</p>

<p>slight(ly) of aircraft in the process of nose oven trembles, some are not steady, Tang Wulin hurries to grip tightly the joystick, Control aircraft has been completing the entire movement actually.</p>

<p>The acceleration , to continue the increasing altitude. Under Tang Wulin Control, Sky Flyer 17 start to get up in airborne flying.</p>

<p>He had controlled Mecha after all . Moreover, after these days suffering, various assault and dizziness that feeling aircraft brings said goodbye with him. Soaring in airborne, he has a feeling of having at one's command, as if this Sky Flyer 17 became part of his body. This feeling was really too comfortable.</p>

<p>At the beginning, Tang Wulin somewhat was jerky in the Control process, but gradually, his movement became skilled. Formidable physical quality in the incisiveness that in the aircraft control manifests. First is his hand fast enough quick, next, body anti- assault strength enough, makes him be able to control this Sky Flyer 17 to make some limit as far as possible the movement.</p>

<p>time, aircraft from the sky goes up and down abruptly, up and down, suddenly the tumbling, crashes suddenly rapidly. Flexible looks like a bird.</p>

<p>After Tang Wulin most likes tumbling, anxiously that feeling of acceleration, looks like releasing for flight, simply is comfortable cannot be comfortable.</p>

<p>Light and Shadow flash through in the side, Control when he has not given full expression aircraft is falling returns to the ground. He discovered that Nightmare Old Devil did not have sounds/voices. When turns head to look, he discovered with amazement when does not know, Nightmare Old Devil vanished unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Cavern.</p>

<p>„Vomits......” Nightmare Old Devil to bend the waist, makes the vomitive the condition, his body glittering in reality and illusory.</p>

<p>„How can like this. Originally sits in the copilot so is really uncomfortable! Why my Soul will receive such intense assault. This mixes the boy, how he such quick can control was so good. This is unscientific!”</p>

<p>Some Disillusioned Old Devil being in a daze looks at Nightmare Old Devil, „your body......”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil beckoned with the hand, „nothing. Some do not adapt. Moreover, our here these many years, what even if there is, you have what not to give up?”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil „quack” smiles, „is also, we two situations always compare that several fellows to be good. Then, they are also about to regain consciousness. I must pay silent tribute for these kids.”</p>

<p>Control the aircraft steady landing, Tang Wulin is jumping down aircraft time, saw Nightmare Old Devil stands there.</p>

<p>„Who makes you get down , to continue to fly. When practiced me to say has been OK, can.” Nightmare Old Devil waved, is the bang fly is likely ordinary, has caught up with aircraft Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Insufficient, Tang Wulin also became a habit flying, simply continued to drive aircraft to fly.</p>

<p>Then, in the impression of Tang Wulin, he fully has practiced one month, can achieve with Sky Flyer 17 dissolves as one degree completely.</p>

<p>„Good, arrived here. Today, you can steal aircraft to come back.” Nightmare Old Devil made being utterly exhausted Tang Wulin get down aircraft. Lifted the racket of hand in his top of the head, Tang Wulin has fainted.</p>

<p>The time of once more sobering, the Tang Wulin surprised discovery, own is unexpectedly refreshing, the condition restored the peak. Also by aircraft, Nightmare Old Devil also.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil sat driving position, the Tang Wulin nature in the copilot.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil light [say / way]: „Airborne, did not need to be the safety belt, later I directly flung you. Surplus depending entirely on own. I give you three days of time, aircraft do not come back, puts the gas cloud. Understood what is heard?”</p>

<p>„Understood.” Tang Wulin as if suffered has submitted, lowers the head to comply.</p>

<p>This Nightmare Old Devil drives is very steady, quick, Sky Flyer that aircraft flies 17 has achieved most High-speed. Increases to ten thousand meters upper air.</p>

<p>Does not have the engine room lid, Sky Flyer that the terrifying strong winds sway 17 to shiver fiercely, the ultra-low temperature fast is consuming the Tang Wulin physical ability.</p>

<p>communications device in aircraft suddenly resounds, „here is North Sea Corps, orders your air landing low clearance. Otherwise, will shoot down.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil smiles, suddenly, he is controlling the Sky Flyer 81 lateral tumblings, on fierce has gripped toward below one. On Tang Wulin does not have the safety belt, sudden Transformation makes him almost be fallen, hurries to hold the arm rest.</p>

<p>„Lets go, I deliver you to get down!” Sky Flyer 17 in airborne fierce shakes, then the crosswise tumbling flings, Tang Wulin did not have reaction to come, suddenly thought that holds the hand of own vigorously, then own seems like lost trash, throwing.</p>

<p>In upper air, dizzy. Tang Wulin first realizes is, on own probably not any parachute and so on thing. Moreover cannot flying companion assist.</p>

<p>Such throws?</p>

<p>His body High-speed drops, ground huge gravity is entraining his body, just likes artillery shell is ordinary, flies to the earth.</p>

<p>These days aircraft driving, making Tang Wulin adapt to the airborne dizziness feeling, where at least was insufficient unable to distinguish clearly is the ground, where is Sky.</p>

<p>First has adjusted the body, he calms down immediately. Blue Silver Emperor rapid from within the body release, each other Bind above his top of the head in the same place, establishes a big net mutually, then the big net tightens slowly, changes into the man-made parachute.</p>

  </body>
</html>