<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="869">#869: terrifying Tang Wulin</h2>
<p>„Raising” at this moment, spirited dragon roar resounds once more, Golden Dragon Roars.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan do not have Dragon Clan bloodline freely, but under Tang Wulin this roars, is the whole body trembles as before greatly, the body simultaneously became slow.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin right foot stamps, Golden Dragon Roars meets Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth, surroundings spatial twists instantaneously, immediately the led whole person in shivering stagnates in his close-range Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>But she cultivates for truly is in people are next to Tang Wulin, while feeling not good, on Battle Armor point starlight puts greatly, releases Guard Screen promptly. Therefore, her shivering has continued the flash, relied on tyrannical sword intent to melt. But also at this moment, eight Golden Dragon leapt up, all flew to following Yuan En Yehui. Tang Wulin while Ye Xinglan sluggish at the same time, arrived at her.</p>

<p>Right hand Golden Dragon Claw wields outrageously, place visited, spatial piece of to shatter, to shatter spatial appear(ance) attracts the customer interest naturally, attracts is pulling the body of Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>On Star Divine Sword selects, Ye Xinglan has completed Body and Sword Unity without enough distance sprint unexpectedly.</p>

<p>„Bites!” A series of crisp whining noises resound from the sword claw interface point unceasingly. Then can see the disparity, each collision, Ye Xinglan freely already as far as possible displays own sword intent, may by Tang Wulin oppression unceasing retreat, the strength aspect, their disparities really be too big.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin personal appearance reverses, the right leg sweeps away, in the spirited dragon roar sound, huge Dragon's Tail appears, Golden Dragon Swings Its Tail.</p>

<p>The skillful aspect, Tang Wulin is not excels, way (of life) simple and crude that he uses, broken by the strength. I do not compete sword intent and sword technique with you, uses most pure strength to suppress you.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan but, can only be Star Divine Sword transforms innumerable sword tip(s), explodes with the strength draws back, as before likely was actually flown to exit to resemble by the Golden Dragon Swings Its Tail bang.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Swings Its Tail leads the body to fling horizontally, simply has not gone to look that was shaken Ye Xinglan that draws back, the right arm raises, Golden Dragon Solitude Destruction Claws!</p>

<p>Before was Le Zhengyu and Xie Xie two people facing his Golden Dragon Solitude Destruction Claws, but this time, actually just solved Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth that eight Golden Dragon Yuan En Yehui alone to face.</p>

<p>terrifying huge dragon claw is bringing to shatter void attracts the attraction to drop from the clouds, Golden Dragon Fearful Claw sharp. This absolutely is in Tang Wulin Divine Dragon Nine Styles at present most formidable attack.</p>

<p>To change body Fallen Angel dodges was impossible, on Yuan En Yehui Sixth Soul Ring Great Release of Rays of Light, dual hammers previous gathers in the body, the both legs stand on Training Field just like taking root general, a diameter achieves ten meters great hand suddenly appear(ance) from him, that great hand makes a fist shakes Tang Wulin that huge Golden Dragon Claw hardly.</p>

<p>Right, Yuan En Yehui is the same with Le Zhengyu, broke through Six Rings, incarnation Soul Emperor.</p>

<p>„Bang” Tang Wulin and Yuan En Yehui simultaneously the body megascism, to shatter of grasping of Golden Dragon Solitude Destruction Claws and Titan in each other collision, unexpectedly is evenly matched.</p>

<p>But must know, Yuan En Yehui to block this strikes, itself has the Battle Armor amplification, Titan's Power, Vajra Titan and Gigantic Demon Titan Three Great amplification, in addition sixth Soul Skill.</p>

<p>However, has blocked Tang Wulin finally directly most strikes, cold star already instantaneous appear(ance) behind Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>After Tang Wulin right hand fierce flings, together [gold/metal] horizontally in the back, is Golden Dragon Spear, at the same time, his One Word Battle Armor: Dragon, in instantaneous upper body.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan have striven to excel after all Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu, without Battle Armor, wants to defeat them not to be really easy.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui Sixth Soul Ring continues ray of light to bloom, the right hand hammer to airborne throws, grasping of appear(ance) Titan, holds Giant Hammer(s) once more directly, flies high to pound to fall.</p>

<p>Concentrates in his back Ye Xinglan body, Fifth Soul Ring blooms, the whole person changes into one to sparkle instantaneously the blazing ray of light stars, terrifying incomparable sword intent is locking his whole body.</p>

<p>Two big Elite All-Out to go, seemed can suppress Tang Wulin finally.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, the whole person as if entered in a special state, his eyes becomes exceptionally bright. Saw Giant Hammer(s) near body instant, whole body Battle Armor suddenly becomes is similar to mirror surface common brilliance.</p>

<p>„Bang” Giant Hammer(s) shoots, Golden Dragon Tyrant Body.</p>

<p>Whole body ray of light rapidly glittering at the same time, in his hand Golden Dragon Spear punctures. Greeted Ye Xinglan fifth Soul Skill, Stars Sword!</p>

<p>„Biting”, when that ear-piercing collision resounds, Xie Xie, Le Zhengyu, Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi discoloration distant place, covers the ear all, Le Zhengyu keeps off before several other people fast, pair of wings opens, Sacred Light blooms, flickers below, assault wave already but outrageously.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan stuffy snort, personal appearance explodes draws back at the same time, fresh blood has spurted.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin eye dew apologetic color, the personal appearance rotation, Golden Dragon Spear sweeps away, Golden Dragon Swings Its Tail sweeps away in another shape, Yuan En Yehui assault flew.</p>

<p>Puts on Battle Armor Tang Wulin, strength gives people an irresistible feeling, was really too strong.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi rushed to side Ye Xinglan, fast forces in her mouth Restoring Stuffed Meatbun.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan eats up Restoring Stuffed Meatbun, compares the thumb to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has also caught up fast, „is sorry Xinglan, your sword intent is too strong, my Control does not live.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said with a smile: „All right, this fights satisfies a craving very much. Actually, you received strength finally, otherwise, concentrates strength of you and Yuan En two people through Golden Dragon Tyrant Body, this (spear|gun) I cannot block.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin truly was as far as possible received strength, strength that but Golden Dragon Tyrant Body borrowed, in addition his own strength extremely formidable. Then injured Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>The people gather, Xie Xie cannot bear say: „Boss, how you suddenly became such strong. Xinglan adds Yuan En is not your match.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Was good at controlling to own strength, then my bloodline also had further regained consciousness. Actually you are also because does not know that my promotion, otherwise, I want to win am not easy. of course, you are an exception.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie smiles, „this has not related, next time on the side of I and you, not only not affected, instead has increased? I thought that our two hit their five not to have the issue. I am and you have stood on one side.”</p>

<p>„Didn't boast to die?” Le Zhengyu ill-humored [say / way].</p>

<p>„Refuses to accept to try!” Xie Xie self-satisfied standing side Tang Wulin, the flavor that somewhat bullies the weak by relying on powerful connections greatly, making the people smile.</p>

<p>But after Tang Wulin slightly makes the ponder, said: „Can try. Xinglan, are you good?”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „I do not have the issue, you really trial?”</p>

<p>Two pairs five two were different from just one pair, although Xu Lizhi not anything fighting strength, but his Steamed Stuffed Bun was not small to everybody amplification, regarding the Shrek Seven Monsters mature team, everybody coordinated tacitly, to increase a person like this extremely every time, fighting strength was the geometrical multiple promotion. Let alone also had Xu Xiaoyan Power Control.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui add Le Zhengyu Three Great Assault System Battle Soul Master, two Six Rings Soul Emperor, have in the enough auxiliary situation in behind, Tang Wulin and Xie Xie two people want to block are not easy.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin firm nod, „tries. Today and everybody compares notes, mainly to thoroughly understanding your current conditions, then, we must start Two Word Battle Armor manufacture. I planned, when our Two Word Battle Armor manufacture, forging this aspect brings a pleasant surprise to everybody.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie curious [say / way]: „What pleasant surprise?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „I broke through.”</p>

<p>The people shake, almost blurted out, „Saint Craftsman?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is not good to conceal to companion of course anything, is smiling nod.</p>

<p>---------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>