<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="777">#777: One Word Battle Armor: Dragon</h2>
<p>Only if, like Tang Wulin, makes successful One Word Battle Armor with Spiritual Metal, may achieve higher stage. Also wants Battle Armor amplification degree and manufacture is good enough, metal(s) itself enough.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Tang Wulin One Word Battle Armor absolutely is very formidable, is over 85% Harmonizing Refinement Spiritual Alloy forging, in addition design of Gu Yue, Ye Xinglan manufacture.</p>

<p>Then appear(ance) rare One Word Battle Armor Black Rank appraisal.</p>

<p>Hears this result, two beautiful woman staff both like yes damn look at Tang Wulin, this even them formerly think that Tang Wulin is Two Word Battle Armor Master is more surprised.</p>

<p>Black Rank stage One Word Battle Armor, that means that this Battle Armor Master background is absolutely deep, Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor, is extremely rare in entire Soul Master! Moreover Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor can promote directly, does not need again manufacture, so long as increases metal(s) to complete higher stage alloy, redesigns again makes. Is easier to Two Word Battle Armor that makes completely, mighty energy is also higher.</p>

<p>Therefore, Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor these characters, almost quite in the future.</p>

<p>Let alone Tang Wulin seems also so young handsome, how can not let in two feminine staff beautiful pupils the extraordinary splendor again and again?</p>

<p>„Was OK?” Tang Wulin continually asked two, two beautiful woman staff reaction comes.</p>

<p>Shui Yu (Water Fish) hurries saying: „Was OK. You carry on to register with us.”</p>

<p>The registration is only filling out a form standard, comes colleges, age and any stage Battle Armor Master, most important is, to the name of Battle Armor.</p>

<p>„Dragon!” Shui Yu (Water Fish) surprised looks at Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Names Battle Armor by the dragon, means that Martial Soul is related with the dragon, the person of name are so many, but Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor Master are not many. This made ability of Shui Yu (Water Fish) to Tang Wulin have many guesses.</p>

<p>Yes, Tang Wulin to the Battle Armor name of own is the dragon, is willing to be a True Dragon clan buries the bone like him, was the Golden Dragon King bloodline achievement he. Battle Armor One Word he had already decided to use the dragon.</p>

<p>Therefore, as Battle Armor Master, he has been able to use now: Dragon Tang Wulin called own.</p>

<p>Generally of course, in the Battle Armor Master world, must arrive at Two Word Battle Armor the time so will call, one is because, One Word is too frail, is, many Battle Armor Master believe that only then Two Word, is genuine Battle Armor Master. of course, Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor is an exception.</p>

<p>Under the look gaze of Shui Yu (Water Fish) hope, Tang Wulin rides the elevator to return to the ground, he will not have the mood to go with others to exchange communication number anything. But the Spirit Transferring Pagoda staff also really very much have the quality, had not demanded on own initiative that is looks at most his look somewhat longs for that's all.</p>

<p>Left Spirit Transferring Pagoda, Tang Wulin subconscious turning head looked that in the look was bringing several points of confusedness. Gu Yue, you in? You in Spirit Transferring Pagoda? You where?</p>

<p>Is waiting for me, quick, I will have the name of second character. At that time, your name, is my only choice.</p>

<p>Shrek Academy Inner Court has finally made to the arrangement of Tang Wulin, first confirmed his Inner Court disciple status, in the meantime, confirmed he for Shrek Seven Monsters new Captain, has replaced originally temporarily substituting for of Gu Yue. Before this is more than three years, has arranged.</p>

<p>In addition, Tang Wulin was allowed to be occupied by, instruct who assigns in Sea God Island, is his Ancestral Master, Zhuo Shi.</p>

<p>Obviously, Na'er to Sky Raising Douluo keeps the letter not to make him decide to accept Tang Wulin. Even because of the relations of Na'er, he also has the obvious loathing feeling to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Sky Raising Douluo is the person of special sentiment, in his opinion, Tang Wulin one attracted that many female students, certainly has handled any appealing matter. Then causes departure of Na'er. Regarding this he is unhappy. May, Tang Wulin be the contribution that Shrek Academy makes is for all this indelible. Therefore, even if he, cannot cancel the Tang Wulin Shrek Seven Monsters title, only if he makes the huge mistake.</p>

<p>Let alone, the body of Tang Wulin measured that in the Sea God Pavilion conference, played the role of considerable degree......</p>

<p>„Young fellow!” A Zhuo Shi palm of the hand arranges on the Tang Wulin shoulder. Straight grinning that even if Tang Wulin such physical quality, was patted by this palm of the hand.</p>

<p>„Makes every effort to succeed to me. Your that physical quality evaluation what's the matter? Right fist strength is over 100,000 kilograms, ha! You do not know at that time met numerous position Ancient expression. Light and Dark Douluo Old Long is surprised. Very good, from now on, you keep on Sea God Island to continue to pursue advanced studies with me. You must do now, my Scarlet Dragon Nine Styles study entire. Is quickly promotes your this low pitiful Soul Power. Soul Power and your companion have missed big stage, how do you make Shrek Seven Monsters Captain?”</p>

<p>„Yes, my certainly assiduous study.”</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi naturally turned into Golden Dragon Nine Styles Scarlet Dragon Nine Styles to Tang Wulin here, so far, what he learns and can achieve mastery through a comprehensive study is Golden Dragon Shocks the Heavens and Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth.</p>

<p>This can be said as strength of utilization Tang Wulin Qi and Blood best way (of life). Regarding Scarlet Dragon Douluo Scarlet Dragon Nine Styles he was hope for a long time. Because cultivates for limits, before cannot continue to study.</p>

<p>Now his Soul Power compared with had initially promoted much, at least achieved Four Rings, what was more important, his strength of present within the body Qi and Blood just like the thick liquid quicksilver, extreme congealing is thick. cultivate has this Golden Dragon Nine Styles naturally to have the effect of wasted effort.</p>

<p>Those who made Zhuo Shi not think, assiduous study these four characters that Tang Wulin said sounded to be very simple, but he used Peak assiduous two words.</p>

<p>Under the instruction of Zhuo Shi, Tang Wulin started the practice quickly, practice that does not stand still.</p>

<p>What does not stand still, simply has not rested.</p>

<p>He only does three matters, practices Golden Dragon Nine Styles, meditation, forging!</p>

<p>Every day did these three matters, meditation has rested, so long as a Soul Power restoration , to continue to practice immediately. forging three double-hour, surplus time are used for meditation every day and practices Golden Dragon Nine Styles.</p>

<p>If one day two days, of course regarding the Inner Court student is very normal, but Tang Wulin such practices, is the entire three months.</p>

<p>The strength in within the body formidable bloodline was transferred finally in Golden Dragon Nine Styles cultivate, is relying on the strength of formidable Qi and Blood, he does not know that what is weary.</p>

<p>In the Zhuo Shi eye, this time Tang Wulin completely likely changed a person, three years ago entirely different. The cultivate Golden Dragon Nine Styles talent has exceeded his imagination good.</p>

<p>Three months of time is very short regarding Soul Master cultivate, but the Tang Wulin three months are used for cultivate time to be actually equal in ordinary Soul Master one year. Even if Shrek Academy most diligent Inner Court disciple, cultivate time also only then his half.</p>

<p>Therefore, the short three months, his whole person looked like was reborn generally.</p>

<p>„Ancestral Master!” Tang Wulin respectful salutes to Zhuo Shi.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi benign [say / way]: „What has not clearly?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shook the head, „does not have, Ancestral Master. I want to suspend Golden Dragon Nine Styles cultivate.”</p>

<p>If traded other disciple saying that perhaps by the Zhuo Shi irritable temperament, already a palm of the hand patted, scolded one not diligently.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin said that makes him have the feeling of relaxing. This boy knew finally tired, can rest?</p>

<p>„Um, good. You should relax. Moderate relaxation helps following cultivate.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin actually shook the head, „is not Ancestral Master, I do not rest. I plan the assault 50th Rank bottleneck. I already Soul Power cultivate to the 49th Rank peak.”</p>

<p>From 47th Rank to the 49th Rank peak, he has used for three months!</p>

<p>The stimulation of method of Innate Body Sect cultivate to body, Blue Silver Emperor awakened, making Tang Wulin Soul Power cultivate speed promote finally. Has been the unprecedented degree. In addition his so assiduous effort, Soul Power finally arrives at the threshold that must break through.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi opened mouth, „I thought that you should slow several days, adjust own to start to break through slightly again.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Ancestral Master, my body condition is good. I have the feeling, should. The 50th Rank bottleneck is not anything. Makes me exceed. Even if must rest, broke through 50th Rank to say again.”</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi slightly hesitant, then has selected, „that good, I help your guard.”</p>

<p>„Thank You (xiexie) Ancestral Master.”</p>

<p>Regarding Tang Wulin, Zhuo Shi is very difficult to say the non- character, three months, what has he made? Soul Power cultivate to the 49th Rank peak, in the meantime, Golden Dragon Nine Styles he has practiced four types, not simple grasps, but is achieving mastery through a comprehensive study of genuine.</p>

<p>But Soul Power that in Zhuo Shi Golden Dragon Nine Styles, the latter three types need to transfer is extremely huge, even is not the strength of Qi and Blood can replace.</p>

<p>Therefore, Tang Wulin gave the feeling of Zhuo Shi somewhat to teach not to have recently to be possible unexpectedly to teach.</p>

<p>Has the similar feeling also has Feng Wuyu.</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>