<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="847">#847: Also is he</h2>
<p>The warehouse manager should restore at this time calmly, he draws from the ground Shen Xing.</p>

<p>At this moment, suddenly, warehouse manager staggered, he only thought that had any thing to go against own in the own under foot. Immediately brings Shen Xing to stagger one side.</p>

<p>Then he and two captains on dumbfounded seeing, in the warehouse ground, the metal(s) square brick raise together unexpectedly slowly, then drills a person from below.</p>

<p>First what appear(ance) is his a pair of arm, shining, above is covering diamond-shaped scales. The weighty metal(s) brick imitates in his hands, if unmistakable, relaxed was shoved open one side, the personal appearance dodges, he jumped.</p>

<p>If normally, warehouse is in charge of first time to start the warning, may at this moment, he just be discovered the secret by Shen Xing, where dares to draw the warning!</p>

<p>„What person?” The warehouse manager drinks lowly at the same time, in the hand lulled rays to shoot toward that golden figure.</p>

<p>Lulls the rays accurate hit, what hit is that person of cross piece gets up the arm that. Under lulling the stimulation of rays, golden-colored scales sends out light halo. That person has flung starting, muttered the tunnel: „A little Ma Susu!”</p>

<p>A terrifying pressure beyond description bursts out from that person, the warehouse manager only thought own faces is not a person, but is terrifying Ferocious Beast is ordinary. Own bloodline as if wanted condense.</p>

<p>Forms leap up from the ground cave entrance, at present one black, the next quarter, warehouse manager anything does not know.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat surprised looks to lie down in ground Shen Xing.</p>

<p>Although passed was very long, time in illusion is long, but he was one has recognized this once by own in illusion has kidnapped the staff officer.</p>

<p>This is really life where has not met by chance! Has not thought that just left Devil Island, with familiar way (of life) infiltrating here, once more has run into him.</p>

<p>Leaves Devil Island time, Tang Wulin and companion discussed that thought that this directly way (of life) that from underground digs is best. After all, this is most not easily discovered way (of life), so long as entered North Sea Corps, wants to leave on easy many, moreover synthesized the people repeatedly infiltrating North Sea Corps experience in Nightmare, they can judge probably, this warehouse is near from the inland direction, they only need a shorter distance to flee the North Sea Corps control range.</p>

<p>In fact, they have another superiority, that is, did not fear that was grasped.</p>

<p>Had finished Devil Island cultivate, they have not needed to be worried to delay time completely here. Initially they truly had driven away Sky Flyer from here 17, but also only then that was real, surplus all was Nightmare Old Devil simulates with the dreamland. This crime is not small, but by their Shrek Seven Monsters status, the military will inevitably not be what kind of them, at the worst informs the student.</p>

<p>Therefore, in fact they can definitely directly after leaving sea are held directly, however posts-edit on a reasonable point story, can get out of trouble similarly, time that just delays meets relatively long.</p>

<p>What a pity, is not willing to return to Academy by their character obviously like this dirtily, in that case, in Devil Island these many days wasn't suffering Bai Shou? Has studied that many things, must study for the purpose of application is good.</p>

<p>Has not actually thought that a tunnel, saw this kind of major drama.</p>

<p>Formerly in underground, Tang Wulin heard, therefore in such critical moment appear(ance).</p>

<p>Saw that in that dreamland once by own has held under duress Major Shen Xing, let alone, in the Tang Wulin heart really somewhat is unusual. Also greatly admires to Nightmare Old Devil, although he is only the Soul shape, but actually his Spiritual Strength must formidable to what kind of realm! Can control the entire North Sea Corps situation, perhaps by his spiritual stage, subverts entire North Sea Corps not to have any difficulties.</p>

<p>Shen Xing dumbfounded looks at Tang Wulin, she cannot believe the eye of own simply. When her body is completely lacking in vigilance, heard that warehouse manager saying that must take away her, and when gave to the unknown enemy, the mood of her whole person must collapse. Her of course knows that own by enemy was seized , and achievement threatens the Elder Sister hostage to be fearful. Not only her own disaster, even is the entire Family disaster.</p>

<p>In Nightmare, Elder Sister because once own was held under duress to compromise by Tang Wulin, but in the reality, she believes that Elder Sister similarly will also handle the matter that she is not willing to handle for own. Sisters affectionate, nothing more than such as is.</p>

<p>Two sisters grow up together, the sentiment is extremely good, she understood that own Elder Sister, is a gang kisses absolutely does not assist in handling. Critical moment, Elder Sister easier perception.</p>

<p>Once Elder Sister makes the huge mistake for own the words, then, Family definitely will be hit by the devastating disaster. Therefore, in just that flickered, she wished one could dead directly, is not willing to be in charge of Major Chen to carry off by that warehouse.</p>

<p>In each young girl heart the Savior, particularly in desperate is so, who does not hope that has a hero to stand to save own suddenly? What Shen Xing has not thought that this saves the own person, is that own wishes one could to tear to shreds it unexpectedly, has suffered a own several months of fellow in the dreamland.</p>

<p>„It looks like, your situation is not a little wonderful!” Tang Wulin looks at Shen Xing, on the face reveals a chuckle.</p>

<p>The Shen Xing look somewhat anxiously visits him, although is full of the hatred to Tang Wulin, but that after is only the dream, moreover she also clearly knows, the status of front these young people. This also too coincidence, they why in this time direct appear(ance) in warehouse? Now own also in dream inadequate?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said to companion: „Took off their clothes, starts.”</p>

<p>Escaping......, Takes off the clothes?</p>

<p>Shen Xing pretty face instantaneously becomes a paleness, do they want to do? They and they......</p>

<p>How many minute of desperate once more appear(ance) of just vanished, did this leave the tigers mouth to enter the lair?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin, Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu three people are drawing the warehouse managers and two captains drag one side , helping them undress fast. Yuan En Yehui and Xu Xiaoyan keep off before the Shen Xing body, Ye Xinglan starts to solve her clothes.</p>

<p>The Shen Xing whole person has tarried, saw own fast was strip naked the clothes, time, the human was completely ignorant.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan general has compared the stature of own and personal appearance, their height is similar, the stature also somewhat resembles.</p>

<p>Under the mask of Xu Xiaoyan and Yuan En Yehui, Ye Xinglan also rapidly took off the own clothes, has exchanged Shen Xing one, and wears the own clothes on Shen Xing.</p>

<p>„Do not be worried that we borrow your clothes. In you have lulled rays, most 20 minutes can return to again normal. These bastards you when the time comes own look that processing was good.” The Ye Xinglan racket the shoulder of Shen Xing, stands up.</p>

<p>Then, she starts on the face of own gently rubs, rubs, while often has a look at Shen Xing. Xu Xiaoyan stands in her behind, starts to handle her and personal appearance same color hair, quick, has made into and Shen Xing exactly the same hairstyle.</p>

<p>When Yuan En Yehui brings the hat, Ye Xinglan puts on, both hands of Ye Xinglan have also put down, Shen Xing dumbfounded seeing another own that animated standing in front of own. Simply is exactly the same, seems like looking in a mirror.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>„Good?” Tang Wulin sounds/voices transmits.</p>

<p>„Has handled, but also misses three clothes.” Yuan En Yehui said to him.</p>

<p>The Shen Xing eyeball rotation, saw that three people walked, three people is a military uniform, the warehouse is in charge of Major Chen and that two captains.</p>

<p>----------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>