<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="905">#905: Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well</h2>
<p>Yuan En Yehui Battle Armor, in all people are manufacture most complex one, because she is Twin Martial Souls, moreover two big Martial Soul mutually not subordinations, therefore, when manufacture her Battle Armor, only designs, initially had spent very many time.</p>

<p>At this time, what she releases was own Fallen Angel Martial Soul, Battle Armor after increasing third metal(s), turned into dark-purple, each pattern gave people one type the feeling of filling strength, the back a pair of black wing opened, in addition she restored the feminine look at this time, to human a surreptitious and mysterious attraction.</p>

<p>When she changes body Great Titan Ape, this Battle Armor style will have some transformations, in order to guarantees the amplification of Battle Armor to fighting strength, Yuan En Yehui Sacrifice flying ability under Great Titan Ape condition, as far as possible amplification fighting strength. Therefore, when Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo Zang Xin said that lets everybody prepares flying, she also can only release Fallen Angel Martial Soul, to prepare for flying.</p>

<p>Heavenly Double, Yuan En Yehui Battle Armor name.</p>

<p>Angel day, Double Dragon Daggers pair.</p>

<p>Original Yuan En Yehui prepares to own Two Word Battle Armor seven is called the peaceful day, Great Titan Ape and Fallen Angel, represent her two Martial Soul. Xie Xie good one to use both hard and soft tactics, was makes her join the own name finally. Therefore, he does not know that has made many table loyal pledges.</p>

<p>Heavenly Double Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan Battle Armor is in all people are most magnificent, after her Battle Armor is the Two Word degree, Battle Armor itself completely became transparent, looked like was carved general that became by crystal, complicated and magnificent, Battle Armor presented for the streamline that various circulars composed, in Battle Armor, as if some innumerable starlight. This design concept, was observing the stars stage from initially them comes.</p>

<p>That point starlight is Nucleus method releases, has strong in addition to hold the effect to her ability, can let her Star Staff Soul Skill, each release time reduces, affects the time enhancement. Simultaneously itself can also release Star Obstruction screen, the defense strength is strong, particularly in the night, with the aid of the star strength, the defense strength even can surpass above Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>Star Universe, Xu Xiaoyan Battle Armor name.</p>

<p>Star Obstruction star, space of Le Zhengyu. Without a doubt, the latter came from Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Star Universe Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu stands in Xu Xiaoyan behind, both hands are touching her pair of glittering and translucent carving very exquisite wing, own a pair of pure white wing opens in the back, when his Battle Armor one such as the One Word Battle Armor color, Battle Armor of pure white non- flaw is having the golden-colored trace, seems is full of the Sacred flavor noblly.</p>

<p>Sacred rune inscribe above Battle Armor, when Battle Armor itself seems compared with One Word Battle Armor weighty several points, the pattern is also more magnificent. On a pair of Wings completely was also covered by Battle Armor, in the top of the head had the royal crown, the whole body to fill Sacred aura.</p>

<p>At this time or the daytime, the sunlight shines the earth, shines on him, increases several points of might with his Sacred aura. What is just opposite with Xu Xiaoyan, during the daytime, has Holy Angel Martial Soul him, fighting strength will be more formidable.</p>

<p>Heavenly Words, Le Zhengyu Battle Armor name.</p>

<p>Angel day, Xu Xiaoyan word.</p>

<p>Heavenly Words Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Eight people, eight Battle Armor. When they had own Two Word Battle Armor, their cultivation to have promoted another stage.</p>

<p>When with One Word Battle Armor compares, besides Le Zhengyu, Battle Armor appearance Transformation of other people are big. This also Tang Wulin in the manufacture process desirably for it.</p>

<p>They likely cannot show with the true colors in very long time in the future, in this case, protects good own is most important. Although their beforehand Battle Armor reveal before the human are not many, but the person with high aspirations may know, the Battle Armor appearance transforms is bigger, is not on the other hand obvious.</p>

<p>But the Le Zhengyu situation is quite special, his Battle Armor rune is Holy Angel [lineage/vein] unique, if Battle Armor Transformation is too big, will affect his fighting strength to a great extent, after considering all the factors, maintained style originally.</p>

<p>Eight people, Dragon Moon Tang Wulin, Dragon Qilin Gu Yuena, Heavenly Words Le Zhengyu, Star Universe Xu Xiaoyan, Heavenly Double Yuan En Yehui, Dragon Night Xie Xie, Star Wisdom Ye Xinglan, Defends Star Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>To Two Word Battle Armor, they had finally were the own title. Martial Soul and union of Lover name.</p>

<p>Zang Xin watches them to release Battle Armor in side, saw that a pair of double wing or is the wing opens, on his face reveals heartfeltly to smile.</p>

<p>Since Tang Sect and Shrek Academy bitter experience big disaster, such happiness of his first smiling. These young people judge him are more outstanding. Not only they cultivate for far ultra person of same age, this Battle Armor is also out of the ordinary, definitely is not for hasty work of short time promotion. Battle Armor foundation hits extremely reliably. Most suits them, moreover quality far ultra same step Battle Armor existence.</p>

<p>„Comes with me.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Zang Xin swings body in a flash, arrived at sky over valley.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin eight people also respectively flap pair of wings, flies into with him airborne.</p>

<p>Regarding flying, naturally had flying ability Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu that most excels. Other people after having Two Word Battle Armor, flying practice are few, this flies into airborne, slightly appears some are unstable. But they are startled certainly colorful one generation of talents, but lived in the body of own on Control in a flash, pair of wings opens, Soul Power output, steady float in midair.</p>

<p>Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo waves, falls toward valley, at the same time, releases light golden light (Jin Guang) from him, changes into up the cover, covers the Tang Wulin five people completely.</p>

<p>Only covers the submersion, Tang Wulin they sees immediately, in this valley, seven colors mist, seems extremely magnificent.</p>

<p>But, when this only cover drills into that seven colors mist, they actually with amazement see, take cultivation of Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo as, his protects the body light to cover the surface to start the appear(ance) fierce energy fluctuation unexpectedly, moreover various places start appear(ance) pit pit.</p>

<p>„This is seven-colored poisonous miasma. In society most deadly poison one of the several toxin. Any thing, by its corrosion. For many years has condensed above this valley, had in surroundings forest, afterward this gate had spent the enormous strength, draws in them in this valley peak, has promoted the density. Even if Black Rank Mecha, drills into, clean that little while also corroded. At least wants Super Rank Douluo above cultivation to be, can protect the body by own Soul Power, withstands the corrosion of seven-colored poisonous miasma in short time.”</p>

<p>Without a doubt, this is in itself the Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well strongest protection. So deadly poison, in beforehand not clear situation, even if is really Super Rank Douluo, very possible move!</p>

<p>Luckily, the gas cloud is not too thick, after going through dozens meters, the line of sight suddenly sees the light, not too big small valley, presents in the line of sight of people.</p>

<p>Can see clearly the situation in valley, the people are shocked by the present strange scenery immediately.</p>

<p>First heaves in sight, is a strange lake, the lake assumes double-colored, is blue, while red, the double-colored lake distinguishes right from wrong, does not invade mutually.</p>

<p>Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well, should from this acquire fame.</p>

<p>In this double-colored lake shore, is growing all kinds of strange flowers and grass, even the big flowers from airborne look, is gigantic incomparable.</p>

<p>At the Tang Wulin Purple Demon Eyes eyesight, this looks, actually most vegetation he did not know. Without a doubt, these are Top Rank Heaven and Earth Treasure.</p>

<p>But also in their appear(ance) in the airborne next quarter, tyrannical thoughts suddenly flies high to sweep from, falls on them. These gods read obviously very bad appearance.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>-----------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>