<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="896">#896: He is also living!</h2>
<p>Judging from the present situation, Shrek City suffered the heavy losses, Shrek Academy all extinguished basically, Tang Sect General Headquarters all extinguished. The loss is countless.</p>

<p>Currently speaking, without any report about companions.</p>

<p>Holy Spirit Cult!</p>

<p>Alone is Holy Spirit Cult, can make such degree terrorist attack? Does the military eat without working really? 12th Rank is Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell so easy to be stolen? Involves, perhaps is not only Evil Soul Master Sect is so simple. In this has certainly more things.</p>

<p>Shrek City existence, in Federation is a different number. But Federation does not dare to Shrek City, after all, its status so to be how lofty.</p>

<p>But from this large explosion, Federation is relying on these Super Rank weapons, in fact already had to cope with Shrek ability. But they do not have the means to do. Can this be Federation wants to remove Shrek, but borrowed the Evil Soul Master name? Also or, Federation certain people and Evil Soul Master cooperated, have destroyed Shrek City.</p>

<p>This evil reputation buckles on Holy Spirit Cult, Holy Spirit Cult does not matter, they are the targets of universal detestation. But the goals of certain people have also been achieved, does not have influence of Shrek Academy on Continent, certain careerists obviously the matter that is easy to be them to handle.</p>

<p>But specific situation Tang Wulin is not clear, after all, he to political not any research.</p>

<p>Tang Sect General Headquarters also suffered the attack of devastating, is very obvious, Tang Sect is the same with Shrek Academy, very much receives the hierarchs to dread. This time massacre is not certainly simple.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda?</p>

<p>Tang Sect, Shrek Academy and Spirit Transferring Pagoda, are the Super Rank organizations that and said. Why Tang Sect and Shrek Academy were hit by the total destruction, but Spirit Transferring Pagoda doesn't General Headquarters have anything near at hand?</p>

<p>From the threat angle to Evil Soul Master, Spirit Transferring Pagoda must surpass Tang Sect, at least outwardly on strength is so. Moreover Soul Master quantity and strength of Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters accumulation, certainly above Tang Sect. But second Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell has not actually looked for Spirit Transferring Pagoda, but falls on Tang Sect General Headquarters. Doesn't have what dirty in?</p>

<p>Although Tang Wulin is not suspected that Spirit Transferring Pagoda and Evil Soul Master collude, but at least this possibility is not nonexistent.</p>

<p>Therefore, present Spirit Transferring Pagoda is fly-by-night. Why this is also he not in the reason that in Star Dou Forest indicates the status. At present, nobody knows that their Shrek Seven Monsters is also living. In this case, hides in wants on to be much better in secret absolutely outwardly.</p>

<p>The Holy Spirit Cult strength is more formidable than the imagination, on that day that huge Skeleton head of appear(ance), above at least had cultivation of Evil Soul Master to should not be inferior in Sky Raising Douluo many.</p>

<p>Let alone, starts such disaster -type terrorist attack, the trace vanished in the large explosion basically. To nose is very difficult, but is looks up, present they are weak, could not make anything.</p>

<p>After thinking clear these, Tang Wulin understands, matter that now he most should handle actually only then, is, bears patiently!</p>

<p>He needs, not only individual strength, must have enough influence, is good with the influence of Evil Soul Master resistance.</p>

<p>Opens both eyes slowly, before Tang Wulin arrives at window. Although opened two rooms, but at this time he and Gu Yue in a room.</p>

<p>Gu Yue rolls up on the bed, had already rested ripe, the whole person is binding the quilt, the long hair hangs loose, the long eyelash builds on the cheek, beautiful looks like a foreign-style doll of large size.</p>

<p>Looked at her one eyes, in the Tang Wulin heart has stabilized several points immediately. Looks again to out of the window. He puts out own Soul Guide Communication Device slowly, starting.</p>

<p>Allocates the number.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin heartbeat inexplicably somewhat anxious, if this number is unable to put through, for him, will have the enormous influence. This number is deciding, he is whether lonely.</p>

<p>„Wulin?” Somewhat rapid sounds/voices transmits from another side, when Tang Wulin hears this sounds/voices, the whole person slightly shakes.</p>

<p>Forcibly takes a deep breath tone, but his sounds/voices unconscious shivering somewhat, „Xinglan, I am all right.”</p>

<p>Another side suddenly peaceful, in Tang Wulin somewhat anxious inexplicable, therefore time, the deafening cheers transmit from the receiver suddenly.</p>

<p>In an instant, Tang Wulin has tears streaming down the face, he heard their sounds/voices. In that sounds/voices has Ye Xinglan, has Xie Xie, Yuan En, Le Zhengyu, Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi. They, freely their sounds/voices, because excessively excitedly becomes some hysterias, but Tang Wulin actually as before can distinguish each of them's sounds/voices clearly.</p>

<p>Is they, is they. They are living, they are good.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thinks in the own throat to sob, could not speak completely.</p>

<p>Regarding them, this is survivor of disaster absolutely!</p>

<p>„Boss and Boss.” Xie Xie wept and wailed is transmitting sounds/voices from the microphone.</p>

<p>„Um.” Tang Wulin has complied with one, suppressed the own mood reluctantly, ability that this restores to speak.</p>

<p>„Where Boss are you at? Are you also living really? I am not am having a dream.” Xie Xie sounds/voices fierce is shivering, Tang Wulin can definitely feel his sounds/voices at this moment that excited.</p>

<p>„I am also living, I am all right. Was Gu Yue has saved me. She left my faith token to transmit her promptly, then also led me to transmit the distant place. I am all right now, in being away from Shrek City in about 200 kilometers small city. I do not even know the name of city, you? You now where? Is everybody good?”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan brings back Soul Guide Communication Device from the Xie Xie hand, „we are all right, now in Heaven Dou City. Holy Spirit Douluo Your Excellency is also all right, is only her mood......”</p>

<p>Holy Spirit Douluo? The Tang Wulin whole body shakes, yes! On that day Holy Spirit Douluo probably was also only the stupor, she was also living. Some such Super Rank Douluo are also living, this simply was good. But thinks of her and Yun Ming sentiment, a Tang Wulin anxiety.</p>

<p>Puts oneself in another's place, if Gu Yue had an accident, own will be painful?</p>

<p>„You comfort Your Excellency first well, I come to converge with you as soon as possible. Also, Xinglan, now at this time, do not relate any side, including Tang Sect. Academy has destroyed, but we are strong. Like such that Pavilion Master finally said that we were the Academy final hopes. Only has us to live well, Academy is hopeful. Now, we must protect good own first, yes? Therefore, cannot expose the status. Best is the time is maintaining cosmetics .”</p>

<p>„Yes, I also think.” Ye Xinglan said: „Before we come Heaven Dou City, is cosmetics , has not contacted with anybody. On that day we saw probably are Gu Yue appear(ance), but we did not determine that you were also being lived by that Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell Ruin. Therefore after arriving here, we have been waiting. Wulin, you come, we are waiting for you, you also pay attention to the security.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin can hear, calm calm Ye Xinglan, at this time in sounds/voices actually has always been full of the feeling of being mentally and physically exhausted.</p>

<p>„Good, waits for me, I pass as soon as possible. Maintains the contact.”</p>

<p>Hung up Soul Guide Communicator, Tang Wulin has wiped tears on face, then long air vent.</p>

<p>Finally, companion are also living, at this time, what ratio this better news but also there is?</p>

<p>In his heart also gradually had has decided the idea. First converges with companion, then finds the way to treat good Gu Yue. Again, how to look for the opportunity to restore Shrek.</p>

<p>Must use resources that all can use, Heaven Dou City, truly is a good place.</p>

<p>Is taking Soul Guide Communication Device, after he hesitated slightly one next, closed communications device.</p>

<p>At this time, he can think can help own, two people, one is his is Innate Body Sect Sect Master Teacher(s), another naturally is his Divine Craftsman Rank other Senior Teacher.</p>

<p>But now at this time, he eagerly had not contacted them, first arrived at Heaven Dou City to say again. Moreover, Holy Spirit Cult act is so vicious, the Senior Teacher situation perhaps will be very then unsafe. As Continent only Divine Craftsman , he although directly does not threaten Holy Spirit Cult, but he can actually continually make Four Word Battle Armor Master.</p>

<p>Returns to the bedside, when Tang Wulin lies down on the bed, an exhausted feeling spreads over the whole body instantaneously. It is not on the body, but is on spiritual.</p>

<p>Until he is away from the quilt, holds in the arms Gu Yue, was better. Quick on heavy has rested.</p>

<p>This thinks that has rested to the second day late in the morning, two talented people wake. Has eaten the thing, Tang Wulin and Gu Yue is driving Tang Sect Combat Car , to continue to extend High-speed to go.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin had looked at the navascope on vehicle, he chose one quite to go a long way around, the route that but actually and Shrek City direction ran counter went to Heaven Dou City. At this time, he can only be careful again careful.</p>

<p>------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>