<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="904">#904: Dragon Moon Tang Wulin!</h2>
<p>As if very wise illusion.</p>

<p>light golden-colored glittering the starlight chains the people are all linking, official Xu Xiaoyan Star-time Chains. Even if has encountered any danger, the chains will also make the people share the injury.</p>

<p>„Daddy, where this is! Quite strange.” Gu Yue asked near the Tang Wulin ear in a low voice.</p>

<p>Although Tang Wulin had urged her many times, do not call Daddy. But how Gu Yue actually changes, the final result can only such not call in person many places.</p>

<p>Also walked time, front Zang Xin stops the footsteps, surroundings all also suddenly become suddenly see the light.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin they then discovered that they arrived at a piece of cliff unexpectedly. Turns head to look, place that they just passed through, is piece of forest, but is actually piece of colored forest, many Plant are they are unprecedented. Without a doubt, this should be deadly poison Plant that Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo said.</p>

<p>deadly poison adds on illusion, this without doubt is the natural blockade of this place.</p>

<p>„Your Two Word have Battle Armor completed? Place in valley.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has selected under.</p>

<p>Zang Xin said: „Makes me have a look, your Battle Armor.”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin eye golden light (Jin Guang) dodges, the slight(ly) dragon roar sound resounds on him, in his each joint as well as the forehead, chest and other important Placement, shone the golden-colored luminous spots.</p>

<p>Gold threads these golden-colored luminous spot connections, first appear(ance), are Golden Dragon Claw on his both hands, the pattern stack-up, Golden Dragon Claw reappear, golden-colored scales armor piece whirls around upwardly, has covered his both arms rapidly, side the a pair of small arm, respectively when three curving sharp knife blade, with One Word Battle Armor compares, curve of sharp knife blade is bigger.</p>

<p>Then is pauldron appear(ance), pauldron of stack-up rapid downward, breastplate covers.</p>

<p>When golden-colored armor covers the whole body, Tang Wulin aura rises suddenly, on Can golden-colored armor, each scales has the crest line slightly bulge, but in the crest line, has the halo circulation indistinctly. The chest protects the heart mirror is together diamond-shaped metal(s), is similar to huge scales is ordinary.</p>

<p>On the forehead golden light (Jin Guang) dodges, helmet covers, above the helmet both sides drills is similar to the dragon horn general sharp bulge, in the meantime, golden-colored mask along with it raising, covered his face together, only revealed shining eyes.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin upper part bends the waist slightly, the back one inspires, the a pair of huge golden-colored wing behind is opening, this is seemed like to the wing by innumerable scales put together, after opening, the width amounts to about four meters, after the bend, covers his entire back completely.</p>

<p>When this to the wing appear(ance) instance, aura of Tang Wulin whole person rises dramatically once more, whole body has filled the flavor of strength and beautiful.</p>

<p>Dragon Moon, this is Tang Wulin gives the name that he this Two Word Battle Armor gives.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King dragon, Gu Yuena moon/month.</p>

<p>Dragon Moon Tang Wulin!</p>

<p>Stands cracks into a chuckle in Tang Wulin Gu Yue, „I have, me also to have.”</p>

<p>silver light shines suddenly in her forehead place, making her forehead raise slightly, cosmetics as well as the hair color on face, in returned to instantaneously unexpectedly normal, revealed beautiful tender face.</p>

<p>What strange is, not other silver luminous spot sparkles on her, only then on the forehead that silver glow spreads. That is a oval silver gem, expands from the gem place outward, changes into Gu Yue is similar to imperial crown general helmet, similarly was silver mask falls, covers her moving tender face. silver armor is similar to the mercury flows swiftly generally „flowing” from the top of the head under.</p>

<p>oval dragon scales is the Battle Armor main key, center the chest is also together the oval silver gem, the interior has the seven-colored halo circulation faintly.</p>

<p>Compares is big and tall in Tang Wulin Battle Armor, Gu Yue Battle Armor appears slender nimble many, pauldron and close combat that equipment has not exaggerated specially, all over the body appears very slender magnificent, serves as contrast her is being similar to the goddess descends to earth general.</p>

<p>Back a pair of silver dragon wing(s) opens, compared with Tang Wulin dragon wing(s) small 1st, but on this Double Dragon wing, 18 silver gem ray of light is partly visible, after this Battle Armor appear(ance), various Element(s) in air obviously become active, and convergance naturally in her body surroundings, making her side many seven-colored halo.</p>

<p>Gu Yue this Battle Armor is not Tang Wulin and companion helps her manufacture, but when she sees Tang Wulin has completed own Two Word Battle Armor, excited under has as if remembered anything, has released Battle Armor directly, the people discovered that Gu Yue has completed Two Word Battle Armor unexpectedly, even had including the name.</p>

<p>Dragon Qilin, this is Gu Yue to the name that own Two Word Battle Armor gives.</p>

<p>Silver Dragon dragon, Tang Wulin large male deer.</p>

<p>Dragon Qilin Gu Yue, or is, Dragon Qilin Gu Yuena.</p>

<p>golden-colored and silver, Dragon Qilin enhances one another's beauty, as if dark, among them has the marvelous relation, after Gu Yue also releases own Battle Armor, Tang Wulin Battle Armor surroundings, take shape naturally [gold/metal] misty halo, not in part of ones duty strange.</p>

<p>Dragon Moon Tang Wulin, Dragon Qilin Gu Yuena. Two Word Battle Armor Master!</p>

<p>golden-colored halo and seven-colored halo contact mutually, their each other aura are sublimating unexpectedly still. In eye pupil that standing Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo looks at extraordinary splendor again and again. Without a doubt, cultivation of Tang Wulin and Gu Yuena for as well as Battle Armor, imagines him is much more formidable.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Dragon Moon Battle Armor itself has used three alloy, Spirit Refinement Peak, amplification, is far from original One Word Battle Armor can compare.</p>

<p>However, what making Tang Wulin somewhat surprised is, after Gu Yuena releases own Two Word Battle Armor, in her right hand, were many handle long spear.</p>

<p>Silver Dragon Spear? Isn't this Na'er Silver Dragon Spear? Stated differently, Silver Dragon Spear peak lance point place, were many a oval silver bead, seemed did not have the lance point, when Gu Yuena wielded long spear gently, before that silver bead, meets naturally emitted together the ruler Yu Chang silver (spear|gun) glow.</p>

<p>Is the Tang Wulin weapon Golden Dragon Spear, the Gu Yuena weapon is Silver Dragon Spear?</p>

<p>While they release Battle Armor, they behind, companion also respectively released own Two Word Battle Armor.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan is releasing the Battle Armor instance, the body shines ray of light is most, in an instant, as if she already incarnation Milky Way, stars.</p>

<p>The starlight combination, succinct Battle Armor appear(ance) on her, Battle Armor enters Two Word, Ye Xinglan Battle Armor itself presents is a strange incandescent color, metal(s) looks like Crystallized Body is all over the body ordinary, glittering radiant ray of light.</p>

<p>Her Battle Armor each design has is similar to the knife point general sharp feeling, like her own. Battle Armor seems is not magnificent, back pair of wings, is pair of petite flap, is quite sharp, even a little likely is the guidance wing of Mecha. But when whole body armor piece clothing on her, when mask falls instant, on Ye Xinglan take shape naturally soars to the heavens sword qi together.</p>

<p>Of sword qi, as if wants the wearing out vault of heaven.</p>

<p>Star Wisdom, this is the Ye Xinglan Two Word Battle Armor name.</p>

<p>Star Divine Sword star, Xu Lizhi wisdom.</p>

<p>Star Wisdom Ye Xinglan!</p>

<p>Chubby Xu Lizhi stands side her, Xu Lizhi Battle Armor somewhat strange, he originally when One Word Battle Armor is yellow, but actually turned into brown at this time. The color was profounder than before.</p>

<p>Battle Armor weighty, in all people, his Battle Armor is seems tallest and strongest, each is similar to the rock is ordinary, covers in which his body, the chest place is a gigantic circular yellow gem, helmet is the most traditional style. Back a pair of Wings also especially huge, Tang Wulin also wants to be bigger than several points, toward there station, gives people weighty such as the feeling of mountain.</p>

<p>aura that sends out, has to make the Ruin fluctuation of person palpitation faintly.</p>

<p>Defends Star, Xu Lizhi Two Word Battle Armor name.</p>

<p>The people were bringing joke makes him probably the Steamed Stuffed Bun name of own in Battle Armor, but Xu Lizhi said anything not to be willing. Finally has used the Ye Xinglan star character, defending is defending of protection. The people naturally understand his regard.</p>

<p>Defends Star Xu Lizhi!</p>

<p>Side Xu Lizhi, Xie Xie, after Xie Xie Battle Armor enters Two Word realm impressively, seems has the feeling of illusory, Light and Shadow glittering, evasive. Battle Armor presents the translucent shape, interior has the halo circulation faintly, looks like carves with Crystallized Body. On Battle Armor the pattern presents the dragon pattern(s) shape. Compares One Word Battle Armor time, were many many mysterious.</p>

<p>His Battle Armor seems even Ye Xinglan also wants the filament to be thinner , the back wing is not one pair, but is two pairs, is quite short, but actually very terse. Without helmet, but is an upper band style of trident, body surroundings as if there is cool breeze to surround.</p>

<p>His Battle Armor, all attaches, is promotes speed ability, speed and Soul Power dual promotion. Other defense strength people are more inferior, actually without doubt can make his speed promote Peak.</p>

<p>Dragon Night, Xie Xie Battle Armor name.</p>

<p>Double Dragon Daggers dragon, Yuan En Yehui night. This fellow when Battle Armor manufacture comes out has emitted the brave words, in the future must make own Battle Armor achieve Four Word, is called: Double Dragon night splendor.</p>

<p>Dragon Night Xie Xie.</p>

  </body>
</html>