<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="775">#775: Sky Dragon Roars</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin looked at the right hand of own, then has turned around, is embarrasedly typical to companion: „Explosive force and explosive force.”</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong sobers at this time, standard strength that „Black Rank Mecha All-Out strikes is, 35,000 kilograms. Meets this standard, can be evaluated as Black Rank. Because red level Mecha is extremely special, does not carry on the strength evaluation.”</p>

<p>In other words, strength of Tang Wulin right fist has been over Black Rank Mecha three times.</p>

<p>„Boss, you simply are the human form monster. I understand that now you just showed mercy to Yuan En.”</p>

<p>Yes, besides the human form monster, cannot find out also has anything to describe Tang Wulin. Don't forget, he has not dressed now Battle Armor. Has not used his all amplification strength Soul Skill, for example Golden Dragon Body.</p>

<p>„Was good, did not need to continue test.” Wu Zhangkong beckoned with the hand.</p>

<p>[Say / Way] of Tang Wulin doubts: „Why Teacher Wu?”</p>

<p>On Wu Zhangkong face unusual revealed very user-friendly expression, ill-humored [say / way]: „The limit carrying capacity of this instrument is 200,000 kilograms. I worried that you put on Battle Armor All-Out to attend a meeting to exceed this strength limit. However, I must give you a suggestion, you need to promote own Soul Power as soon as possible, and promoted Battle Armor stage as soon as possible. Otherwise, by your present strength, One Word Battle Armor cannot withstand. If you have come across very intense collision, Battle Armor will possibly damage.”</p>

<p>Can't Battle Armor withstand Tang Wulin strength?</p>

<p>The Yuan En Yehui forced smile said: „This thinks that has exceeded you, who knows that the distance seemed to be farther.”</p>

<p>strength regarding Soul Master, does not fear facing very much one ability. After all, the pure strength limitation was too big.</p>

<p>However, any type ability, after achieving certain Peak. Cannot judge with the common sense.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong has given a data, „Strength Type Titled Douluo, when breaks through 90th Rank, 100,000 kilograms fist strike strength are foundation. Generally speaking, Strength Type Three Word Battle Armor Master can also achieve this strength stage. Wulin, are you really Humanity?”</p>

<p>Always ice-cold Teacher Wu suddenly emits such one, Tang Wulin is somewhat awkward, but he cannot bear look to both hands of own. After absorb Golden Dragon King Seal energy, could own be Humanity really?</p>

<p>However, this also similarly verifies Tang Wulin present strength to be fearful, even if is Wu Zhangkong of Shrek Academy classroom, was startled because of his strength.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong looks at Tang Wulin, in the look reveals the unusual gentleness, „you have grown up, I have had nothing to teach you. Future you, what are more is taught by Academy Titled Douluo Elite.”</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin heart one anxious, „Teacher Wu.”</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong beckons with the hand, „you, Gu Yue, Xiaoyan and Xie Xie are I bring from Eastsea City, saw that you can have today's result I to be very gratified. I resigned from the work of teacher to Academy temporarily, shortly after must start to close up cultivate. This time my closes up time at least not to be lower than one year.”</p>

<p>Here, he stopped, the vision following the crowd person has swept, „was you takes to me to hope that making me ignite the upward heart. Wulin, the matter about Gu Yue I thought that you do not need too to be worried, Gu Yue ability enough, I think, among you impediment, came from certain competitive relations between Spirit Transferring Pagoda and Tang Sect mainly. You like her, diligently makes own formidable. In this world, strength forever is all bases, when you have enough strength, all will be impossible become possible. I was very happy that from you had not seen dispirited and gives up. You biggest merit can always be bolder with each setback and grasp the nettle. This is also your successful root. For Gu Yue, for your own and your companion, forwards diligently.”</p>

<p>„Yes, my certain meeting.” Tang Wulin gripped tightened the fist, forceful replied.</p>

<p>Following test is smooth, but all have test about body, Tang Wulin has given the extremely astonishing data. His skin tenacity degree compared favorably with Thousand Years above stage Defense System Soul Beast this too to be astonishing unexpectedly sufficiently. From the overall data, he completely likely is a human form monster, but is not Humanity.</p>

<p>„Was good, test arrived here, this data I will submit directly to Sea God Pavilion. You just returned to Inner Court, by your talent, believes that Sea God Pavilion will appoint instruct Teacher(s) to you directly, in my opinion, your Ancestral Master possibility should be biggest. After all before you, is studying with him. You should go to Spirit Transferring Pagoda now, the Battle Armor name of own.”</p>

<p>One Word Battle Armor name!</p>

<p>This regarding all Soul Master, the matter that most yearns for absolutely, only then after having complete set One Word Battle Armor, has this qualifications.</p>

<p>Although One Word Battle Armor time, name can only be a character, but only then a character, is all Soul Master is anticipating, because this was proving their strength, is the unequalled glory.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious looks to companion, the people are also visiting him.</p>

<p>Xie Xie said with a smile: „Boss, we have known you will come back, therefore we, although already had complete set One Word Battle Armor, actually continuously not to Two Word Battle Armor diligently. You may probably quickly help us start forging! Well our Battle Armor integral liftings.”</p>

<p>People as if by prior agreement smiled.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui said: „Blacksmith that we trust only then you, only then you most understand our Battle Armor metal(s) need.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Your did Battle Armor name?”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui nodded, „generally speaking, the One Word Battle Armor name is related with own Martial Soul. Or the first two characters are related with Martial Soul.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie smiles, said: „Number of words more often, can be related with Lover, Yuan En, you thought that and other later Battle Armor rank was high, which character in your name is good!”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui elegant blushing face, „as you like.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie smiles, „that I may probably think well.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat is slightly absent-minded, Battle Armor name. He has remembered the Wu Zhangkong Battle Armor name suddenly, Sky Ice, two words Battle Armor time, his Battle Armor is called Sky Ice, Sky Ice Wu Zhangkong. Sky Frost Sword day, Long Bing ice.</p>

<p>What a pity, own Battle Armor can only name with a character now, then on having nothing selectivity. When can use two characters time......</p>

<p>„I register now.” Tang Wulin said.</p>

<p>Left Academy, everybody went to cultivate respectively, Tang Wulin left Shrek Academy Inner Court, on Car Rental, directly soared Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda regarding his Soul Master, is considered as absolutely on is the colossus. When the distant place has been able to see that huge tower-shaped construction, in the Tang Wulin heart surges suddenly a heroic feelings.</p>

<p>If one day, must face the entire Spirit Transferring Pagoda organization for Gu Yue, how? So long as own is formidable enough, does not have anything is impossible.</p>

<p>Gu Yue, is waiting for me. I certainly become formidable, not only my own, I will certainly have formidable the enough influence. When one day needs, I will stand side you, even if snatches, I must snatch you.</p>

<p>Enters Spirit Transferring Pagoda, although was not first time comes to here, actually still here shocked broadly.</p>

<p>Staff driving approaches, „please ask that what matter you do have?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „I must carry on Battle Armor name registration.”</p>

<p>In the staff eyes flashes through surprised, high and low has sized up his several eyes, „do you come from Shrek Academy?”</p>

<p>„Um.” Tang Wulin nodded.</p>

<p>The expression of staff immediately becomes respectful, „asked you to come with me.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin went to a specially spacious elevator with him, outside the elevator unexpectedly is the glass, can see outside scenery.</p>

<p>Quick, the elevator skyrockets, speed is quick, the ground rapidly changes in the field of vision is small, this feeling looks like flies suddenly.</p>

<p>„Bites!” When the digital of elevator on 101, the elevator stopped.</p>

<p>„Welcome to Spirit Transferring Pagoda 101, Sky Dragon Roars.” Hand signal that the staff make invitation.</p>

<p>Goes out of the elevator, another staff welcomed immediately, is different from the beforehand attire ordinary staff. At present this staff is a young girl, the look are sweet and pretty, a white long skirt, above has the fog and partly visible dragon pattern(s), the makings excellent. The age is also at about 20 years old.</p>

<p>She sees Tang Wulin is also at present bright, good charming youth!</p>

<p>Can be brought to mean that to 101 any she is very clear, very respectful salutes the hand signal that to Tang Wulin and makes to invite, „respect Battle Armor Master, please come with me.”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart moves slightly, the Battle Armor Master treatment is really different. Really, Teacher(s) said right, in the Soul Master world, the strength is all.</p>

<p>Meanwhile he also starts to size up this behavior 101 Sky Dragon Roars.</p>

<p>----------------------</p>

<p>Three finished, asks recommendation ticket.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>