<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="848">#848: Is separated and returns</h2>
<p>In the Major Chen mouth resounds Tang Wulin sounds/voices, „first time uses, a little not became a habit, particularly skeleton Transformation, but adapts to slightly. Xie Xie, you asked several people to come, remembers that looked for fat, otherwise Lizhi not good camouflage.”</p>

<p>„Good!”</p>

<p>Xie Xie turned around to go out of warehouse large door, said toward three soldiers who outside not far away value defended: „You and you, have you, your three come, helps to take inventory.”</p>

<p>The following process was simpler, quick, in the warehouse is standing, is Major Chen and Staff Officer Shen, two captains and three soldiers.</p>

<p>But the ground is lying down, is the same seven people, at least looked from the semblance that is exactly the same.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin arrived at side Shen Xing to squat, „you saw our these many secrets, should kill you to eliminate a potential informant?”</p>

<p>The Shen Xing eyeball rotates again and again, she could not speak, was irremovable, but the fear in look was actually particularly explicit.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin laughs, „teases you to play, we walk. Is predestined friends meets again. That warehouse was in charge in one day not to wake, after waiting for you well, processed voluntarily. This time was we have also helped North Sea Corps busy, making you clean up the traitor within, previous time stole away a aircraft matter like this to write off. Walks!”</p>

<p>Then, Tang Wulin stands up, to hand signal that Ye Xinglan makes invitation, seven people, walk toward the warehouse one after another.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan in short time, grasped the Shen Xing makings basically. Throws out the chest to gain ground, on pretty face brings several points of arrogance, the stride to walk outward.</p>

<p>Left the warehouse, closes warehouse large door again. of course, is only unlatched, how because genuine controls this complex large door they unclear.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin follows side her, whole face compensates to say with a smile: „Staff Officer Shen, your other offended, in this warehouse truly was appear(ance) chaotic, but I will make them reorganize immediately, you could rest assured that quick.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan cold snort, „this matter I will report truthfully. You should better before above sends out the survey team handles all, otherwise, the consequence you know.”</p>

<p>„Is and is!” The Tang Wulin again and again name is, during the speeches, the people arrived at the elevator place.</p>

<p>„You please do not bother to see me off. Did not need to deliver.” Ye Xinglan said intentionally.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries saying: „That is how good, we deliver you to come up. Staff Officer Shen, armed forces regimental commander there, you must for our fine talk several!”</p>

<p>Their place visited is a soldier, but among them the dialog is actually flawless. sounds/voices, and Shen Xing as well as that Major Chen not any difference.</p>

<p>Seven Old Devil give them, not only the simple cosmetics technique, has the infiltrating skill. How to change body type, how to change speech and manner, how to change sounds/voices. In having enough deep Soul Power situation, all these are not difficult. Needs quite painful training process that's all. But compares is suffered by numerous position Old Devil, what were these pain considered as?</p>

<p>„Biting” elevator door opens, hand signal that Tang Wulin makes invitation, in walking into elevator of Ye Xinglan first striding bravely forward. Other Tang Wulin and people hurry to follow.</p>

<p>The elevator closes. Fast rise.</p>

<p>In the entire process the people again have not spoken, in the elevator has the monitoring, too much talk leads to error, said that much was inferior did not say.</p>

<p>Quick, the elevator has delivered to them the ground. Is relying on the status sign, they went out of the warehouse with ease. Tang Wulin signaled with the eyes to Ye Xinglan, they have distinguished under one probably , is fast toward one side walks.</p>

<p>After entering a dark corner, Tang Wulin has referred to a not far away military vehicle, that military vehicle as if just went on patrol, is opening toward here.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „I go.”</p>

<p>„Together.” Tang Wulin has given a hand signal.</p>

<p>Seven people go forward fast, Ye Xinglan walks in the forefront, takes off military officer badge that the front is hanging, „parking.”</p>

<p>The epaulet on her shoulder is the best identification, in addition Shen Xing is famous in the regiment, is the renowned beautiful woman military officer, in the armed forces the rose, driving patrol soldier Captain is a second lieutenant, naturally recognizes her.</p>

<p>The military vehicle stops rapidly, jumped down from vehicle slightly, to Ye Xinglan good military salute, „Staff Officer Shen.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan sinking sound track: „Urgent task, we must exit, temporarily requisitions your military vehicles. Immediately leaps the car(riage).”</p>

<p>„Yes!” The second lieutenant complies with one without hesitation.</p>

<p>If there is changed other major, wants to requisition their military vehicles, he will also carry on to above inquired, but Shen Xing but Younger Sister of armed forces regimental commander, is in the dreams in many low rank military officer hearts the sweetheart. The opportunity of this performance does not see, therefore, his without hesitation complied.</p>

<p>The soldier on military vehicle gets out fast, Ye Xinglan gave a hand signal to Tang Wulin, Tang Wulin nodded, the people boarded in abundance, Xie Xie was responsible for driving, on Ye Xinglan the copilot, other Tang Wulin and people sat in behind.</p>

<p>Has not said anything to these soldiers again, the Xie Xie skilled control steering wheel, turns around same place, directly soars the North Sea Corps large door direction to speed away to go.</p>

<p>Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell warehouse.</p>

<p>The eyelash moves, Shen Xing can finally the winking eye, gradually, finger also active. Feeling lacking in vigilance is vanishing fast.</p>

<p>The takes a deep breath tone that she tries hard, stimulation of movement within the body Soul Power stimulates bloodline to operate, the feeling lacking in vigilance vanishes fast.</p>

<p>Struggled to sit from the ground, then she saw lay down in of not far away was strip naked Major Chen as well as two captains and three soldiers. time, has mixed emotions.</p>

<p>The crisis has relieved, but, this time mood was also five senses mixed Chen. She has not thought that fellow in own Nightmare unexpectedly has become the own straw to grasp.</p>

<p>Struggles to crawl from the ground, Shen Xing arrives at the wall fast, effort has pressed down the alarm button.</p>

<p>The ear-piercing alarm sound resounds through the entire warehouse immediately, spread the entire North Sea Corps base.</p>

<p>The Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell warehouse is the regiment heavy, the internal warning directly is most Advanced other. But Shen Xing was very clear, crossed such long time, perhaps that several fellows already ran away.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin their of course left.</p>

<p>Wins victory without firing a shot, has not had any nice fight, is driving the military vehicle, they left North Sea Corps, the military vehicle ran quickly on the High-speed road, fast is far away from the North Sea City direction.</p>

<p>Has saying that the equipment of military vehicle be much better compared with the civil car(riage), not only has the advanced guiding system, but also speed is quick. Xie Xie has arrived at the terminal velocity the military vehicle quickly.</p>

<p>„time was similar, prepares to abandon the car(riage). Arrives at a hiding place the car(riage).” Tang Wulin said to front Xie Xie.</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that Xie Xie some do not abandon: „This car(riage) is really good, if can open to be good.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui ill-humored [say / way]: „Are you silly, made the Mecha regiment of military give us to come several missiles a while you to be comfortable. Quickly, leaves High-speed, finds a place we to get out.”</p>

<p>Next High-speed exits, Xie Xie drove the car(riage), this is small cities, the cities is not big. Looked for woods, drove past the military vehicle. The people fast get out, according to Tang Wulin the position that saw from formerly the guiding system, they dash about wildly in darkness, directly soar the destination to go.</p>

<p>The goal is very simple, is the place that Tang Wulin they support are actually not willing to go, Soul Guidance Train stop station.</p>

<p>Without the transportation vehicle, wants to be far away from North Sea Corps fast is impossible. Tang Wulin does not doubt, nearby quick North Sea Corps will block. They cannot drive military vehicle to continue to hurry along. Therefore, the best means are to ride the public transport means that but in the public transport means that Soul Guidance High-speed Train is quickest one. Therefore, had no alternative.</p>

<p>Is running, they while have relieved Yi Rong on own face, in being away from the Soul Guide Train Station not far place, is acted by a person, buys several clothes to come back, takes off the armed forces extension, changes the civilian clothes, simultaneously after simple change own look, this entered the Soul Guidance High-speed Train station.</p>

<p>Seven people buy a ticket separatedly, buys was recently Class 1 Train. After entering platform, gathers.</p>

<p>Because stopping over station, the platform is somewhat crude, even does not have including the ceiling. The night wind sways, somewhat is very chilly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both hands insert the pocket to stand there, in lonely platform only then their several. The appearances of other people are also similar.</p>

<p>„Boss, do you know? I had the feeling that planted to live finally. Isn't our also in Nightmare?” Xie Xie said to Tang Wulin suddenly.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „I do not know.”</p>

<p>Suffering on Devil Island has made the extremely profound impression for them, their spiritual until now have not been able fully to restore. Especially Le Zhengyu, now also occasionally will become dull.</p>

<p>-------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>