<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="832">#832: Devour Old Devil</h2>
<p>Passes through here time each time, feeling that some Tang Wulin types returned to Shrek Academy, is really good to fondly remember the day when Academy! Although their cultivate was also very assiduous at that time, but at least does not have suffering that this body and mind simultaneously withstand.</p>

<p>Boiled with great difficulty front, following and joined. This Devour Old Devil he is first time saw that actually he does want to do?</p>

<p>What Tang Wulin most is worried is the companion situation, already and everybody separated was so long, did not have anything completely clearly. He does not even know that own companion are living whether.</p>

<p>Is Captain, he leads everybody to come here to participate in military training, if had problems, his Duty-bound Responsibility.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil loosens grabs the hand of Tang Wulin, his sounds/voices is low and deep and vigorous, is even bringing slight(ly) echo in this forest.</p>

<p>„Does not need to be worried about your companion, so long as you worried that your own was good. You could rest assured that without my order, Nightmare that fellow will not take them to be what kind. They like suffering the human, but I actually do not like, that low rank interest also only then their these not mature devil will use. You with me, the day can feel better. You know why my title is called Devour?”</p>

<p>Does the day feel better?</p>

<p>On the Tang Wulin face the expression is invariable, in heart actually in the secret unstated criticism, believes you to be strange.</p>

<p>At the beginning, he actually somewhat believes that Disillusioned Old Devil, may along with him when the crime of absorb Ruin aura receiving, all sorts that in addition afterward had, which his can also not understand that Disillusioned Old Devil and Nightmare Old Devil radically were one group.</p>

<p>At present since this fellow is also one of the Old Devil, but can also compared with their how many? But trades the method to suffer own that's all.</p>

<p>Since does not know that the opposite party must do, he does not talk too much simply. He absolutely does not have other means now, can only be times supports from suffering of these Old Devil. In the Tang Wulin heart , the hopes, he is always hoping, these that own faces, eventually is only Academy Test, these Old Devil just in Test his that's all. Has this to hope existence, how painful process regardless of he has encountered, he can also insist reluctantly.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil eye including profound meaning looked at Tang Wulin one, reason that „I called Devour, was because I liked eating. Before I liked, afterward after having become the devil, liked. Therefore, I am different from them, their spiritual has the issue, because is really idles here bored. Only then I, always have pleasure existence on Devil Island, that eats. So long as there is a thing of eating, I will not feel bored, eats to take to me the joyful and sense of joy.”</p>

<p>Eats? Heard this character, Tang Wulin has swallowed saliva subconsciously, since has arrived here, infers according to time, should have over three months, he has not eaten anything, completely depends upon here rich Life energy to support the body of own. Although this does not affect his physical condition, but regarding one became a habit with food had supplemented that own energy person, cannot eat the thing absolutely is the huge pain.</p>

<p>Now front had Old Devil to say to him likes eating, Tang Wulin thought immediately an intense sense of hunger broke in spiritual sea instantaneously. That is not reaction in physiology, completely is psychological stage.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil looks at Tang Wulin to swallow the saliva the appearance, immediately said with a smile: „It looks like, you also like eating, is right?” Here, he hit a sound to refer, „that such looked like, we had the common language. From now on, so long as I eat anything, you eat anything. I guarantee you to be able very easy going through a strategic pass.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin [say / way] without hesitation: „What does that eat?”</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil smiles, „felt relieved that I will not look for some specially disgusting thing. Since eats, of course must eat these to have the rich nutrition, and thing that can eat is good. Come, boy.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he started toward forest walks. Tang Wulin hurries to follow.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil walked few step to stop, then his squatting down body, has dug digging under a deep green bamboo, a finger hook, cancelled a length from the soil approximately three cuns (2.5cm), thick such as finger bluish-green big insect.</p>

<p>This insect is all over the body deep green, the body of green-blue seems somewhat insightful, after being held, is wriggling fiercely, seems panic-stricken wish struggles from the Devour Old Devil hand.</p>

<p>The Devour Old Devil right hand dug in earth two, quick has picked up insect.</p>

<p>One unlucky premonition floods in the Tang Wulin mind instantaneously, cannot......</p>

<p>In this time, he was seeing, Devour Old Devil insect will directly throw the own mouth, tucks away . Moreover the appearance that on face also enjoyment, the yellow juice flows following his corners of the mouth by under.( Writes about here, authors were straight disgusting, real regret should not write this after finish breakfast.)</p>

<p>„Vomits......” Tang Wulin is almost subconscious reaction, has turned around to retch toward the one side.</p>

<p>Too disgusting this is really. He again likes eating, does not like eating insect absolutely! The Devour Old Devil appearance, made the human not dare to look straight ahead simply.</p>

<p>At this moment, bluish-green form appear(ance) before him. Looks that is wriggling fiercely body, the close-range observation can also see on it that yellow down, the Tang Wulin complexion drastic change, is almost like lightning toward one side glittering.</p>

<p>For him eats matter that most has enjoyed, may at this moment, see that incomparably disgusting insect is placed in front of own, in addition these many days have not eaten the thing, Tang Wulin is unable to restrain reaction of own body. He is almost turns around runs, at this moment, his anything could not attend, only wants to be far away from that Devour Old Devil rapidly.</p>

<p>But, making his surprised one occur. Regardless of his speed quick, regardless of he uses the Tang Sect secret arts Ghost Shadow Perplexing Track step, is relying on Golden Dragon Soars sprint ability suddenly assault. That bluish-green insect actually rocks before him, absolutely does not have the least bit cast off sign.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin runs, retching that while keeps.</p>

<p>Suddenly, he only thinks in the own brain to transmit a dizziness feeling, he stiffly pressed in the ground, has not waited for his reaction to come, Tang Wulin only thought that a whole body hemp, strength in within the body Soul Power and Qi and Blood lived by Imprison. A big hand has pressed then firmly between the fingers his nose.</p>

<p>As a normal person, the nose was pressed firmly between the fingers, Tang Wulin subconscious opening mouth breath, then he helplessly looks that bluish-green, is wriggling insect has squeezed in his mouth directly.</p>

<p>A Devour Old Devil hand in a Tang Wulin chin place request, the mouth of Tang Wulin naturally closes.</p>

<p>insect in a feeling of person mouth fierce creeping motion......</p>

<p>The scalp sends to explode, at present becomes dark, fierce disgusting physiological reaction. But his anything could not do, even including moving finger could not achieve.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil hoarse sounds/voices resounds in his ear, „said that but eats the thing. Why must run. Person who I most repugnant do not treat food well. Since you are not willing to eat it, that makes this only Bamboo Jointed Insect gradually be decomposed in your saliva. You will feel it from creeping motion, to cannot wriggle, the change juice gradually, flows following your throat, becomes your body part of feelings. Um, is very wonderful? This process, probably takes entire one day. You cannot move, cannot do any matter, but I can actually notice that your look Transformation also has Transformation of face muscle. Visits you to enjoy this delicacy expression. Oh, was really too wonderful. I must start to think, what will we eat tomorrow?”</p>

<p>------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>