<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="772">#772: Yuan En strength not strong?</h2>
<p>However, Tang Wulin stands in the meaning that same place actually do not fend, the both arms lift, puts up above the own top of the head. The a pair of arm inflates several points suddenly, the Battle Armor surface all presents the dragon scales shape, Golden Dragon Claw along with it reappearing.</p>

<p>Saw that two groups of hammer shades arrived, both hands that Tang Wulin builds also hold, stresses into that pair of hammer shade outrageously.</p>

<p>The people noticed that his a pair of Golden Dragon Claw jumps to project radiant ray of light suddenly, on Tang Wulin has the golden-colored light fog to fill the air obviously. Next flickers, that two groups of hammer shades were scratched and torn unexpectedly stiffly.</p>

<p>„Puff and puff” two, two groups of hammer shade dispersing, the formidable assault strength falls on Tang Wulin, he actually continually shakes has not shaken.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui a pair of Giant Hammer(s) follows on somebody's heels, falls above the Tang Wulin top of the head like lightning. Tang Wulin eyes becomes glistens suddenly. Does not dodge as before does not evade, a pair of Golden Dragon Claw gets hold of turned into a fist suddenly, gives a loud shout, double fist bombardment, unexpectedly that by double fist to dual hammers.</p>

<p>Must know, that pair of Giant Hammer(s) weight enough over ten thousand jin (0.5 kg)! In the entire Shrek Seven Monsters team, besides Tang Wulin, has Yuan En Yehui to use. At this time, in addition Vajra Titan formidable strength, terrifying of its mighty energy, if Yellow Rank Mecha does not release Soul Guide Screen, crushing that directly pounded. But Tang Wulin actually relies on the a pair of fist of own to plan that must meet the tough head-on with toughness.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui also thinks inconceivable, she does not believe in the same rank, some people can meet own dual hammers by the body hardly, subconscious, she received a strength slightly, this is to the situation of Tang Wulin absolute trust.</p>

<p>„Bang!” The collision of dual hammers double fist, but erupts one to thunder. An intense air wave is centered on them to collide to locate erupts instantaneously.</p>

<p>In this flash, in the feelings of all people, Tang Wulin as if changed into the palatial mountain, he has not used any Soul Skill and Qi and Blood Soul Ring technique, whole body golden light (Jin Guang) puts greatly, that One Word Battle Armor released brilliantly.</p>

<p>Comparing notes of Tang Wulin under foot strikes Soul Guide Screen also bursts out intense halo.</p>

<p>Blocked?</p>

<p>Other people stared in a big way eye, worried for Tang Wulin. Yuan En Yehui strength strong, everybody is clear. Tang Wulin not in the time, she is first Assault System Battle Soul Master of entire team, is the mainstay of team.</p>

<p>However, they saw that does not dare to believe.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui dual hammers by raising of Tang Wulin double fist bombardment, then stood up from failure unexpectedly falls on the ground, she by Control retreat one after another, first company retreat several steps, then unexpectedly Control was not occupied by the body of own unexpectedly, sat falls down.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>dual hammers „dang” pounds in the ground. The Yuan En Yehui a pair of arm soft sagging, hides eyes under helmet, fills look that has not dared to believe.</p>

<p>Although she received the strength at the final moment slightly, strength that but took back also during own control!</p>

<p>But when she pounded the Tang Wulin double fist, she actually felt own faced at all likely was not a person, but was Ferocious Beast, terrifying instead shook the strength just like the tide. Moreover she also obviously noticed that Tang Wulin has one to receive the movement of fist, this means that he has not used All-Out.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stands in same place, mark silk has not moved, has not pursued. Other people is a delay of face.</p>

<p>The Xie Xie personal appearance dodges, plunged Yuan En Yehui, the Ye Xinglan tranquil face at this time also has always opened the mouth.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>Tang Wulin also fast arrives in front of Yuan En Yehui, „is all right?”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui discarded in the hand at this time dual hammers, smiles bitterly, „is all right, is only the both arms dislocation. If no Battle Armor, perhaps......”</p>

<p>„Dislocation? Boss, you were too ruthless, I spelled with you!” Xie Xie grief and indignation has beaten two on Tang Wulin Battle Armor.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said apologetically: „Sorry! I do not know like this, I just finally felt your strength not strong time, received the strength fast, may be late.”</p>

<p>Solemnly silent, surroundings suddenly becomes solemnly silent.</p>

<p>strength not strong time......</p>

<p>strength not strong time?</p>

<p>strength not strong time!</p>

<p>heavens! That is Great Titan Ape, that is one pair is ten thousand jin (0.5 kg) Giant Hammer(s).</p>

<p>That is Yuan En Yehui is bringing Air Artillery attack.</p>

<p>At least except for him, other person absolutely nobody hardly will meet such attack. His back coupling is actually, strength not strong......</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui is also dumbfounded looks at Tang Wulin, „speaks the truth, how many strengths had you just used?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin thinks that said: „Approximately, 50% to 60%.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui is also speechless, her body reduced the normal shape, Xie Xie helps her, as soon as pushes the both arms, has joined the arm of dislocation.</p>

<p>Her earnest [say / way]: „Captain, I thought that you should examine your strength degree first. I thought that purely from strength, even if that Long Yue, should not compare you. How your does strength become so formidable?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Should be these three years absorb has moistened the body energy reason. Thinks that you want to know where very much I was missing this time to go, was such......”</p>

<p>At that moment, he conceals nothing whatsoever, in Dragon Valley spoke matter of own.</p>

<p>„True Dragon skeleton? Buries the bone three years. Boss, you won!” Xie Xie does not dare to believe looks at Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „, but asked to feel at ease. You know that my Martial Soul is Blue Silver Grass, in fact, if no Golden Dragon King bloodline, my radically anything is not, even if I again diligently also useless. Therefore, I thanked bloodline to take to my thing very much. To Dragon Valley, it is helps me be able absorb to many Dragon Clan energy. Dragon Clan were too many to my help, can I be cruel enough to visit them to expose the corpse wilderness? I have not thought that will use such long time. Every day is digging a pit, transports dragon bone(s), this may be the heavy work. Especially places the original appearance these heavy dragon bone(s), is some difficulties. dragon bone(s) is heavy, um, compared with heaviness that you imagine, that very possible absorb Dragon Clan own essence energy.”</p>

<p>„Every day some absorb dragon spirit(s), in addition unceasing practical training. My strength possibly promotion naturally. Some of my own also feelings, but has not thought of promotion big of such. However, my Control. At least does not affect forging.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan said: „It seems like, Soul Power does not have the promotion is not the misdemeanor. Boss, your body intensity was more fearful. Your this strength, has surmounted most Soul Skill simply, is not good Yuan En. Compared with strength, whose your match! Perhaps you can compare with Titled Douluo.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „That is impossible, Titled Douluo Soul Power on relaxed crush I. However I also believe that should go to test own strength to have many. After being advantageous better Control. If not dress Battle Armor, should so not be strong. Yuan En, you will use Gigantic Demon Titan next time, then I do not put on Battle Armor, we try again.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin strength, has shocked all people without doubt. This has to plant to hate the day simply not to have, hates the ringless feeling! Likely is not Humanity can have.</p>

<p>The body of Inner Court measured that room all equipment are most advanced, the Inner Court student must examine the own physical condition every three months here, cultivates including accurate Soul Power is, strength, speed, Spiritual Strength and reaction strength wait / etc.. Very careful. In order to help the students act according to own different conditioning own.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin and companion arrive body measures the room, there is a person actually to stand here is waiting for them.</p>

<p>---------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Wish everybody Happy New Year, tomorrow's three!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>