<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="794">#794: Great Angel's Anger</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin cold snort, stands in the Tyrannosaurus top of the head, the right hand beats the own chest, immediately, formerly appear(ance) brown-yellow ring of light appear(ance), the huge gravity drops from the clouds once more, these small bat of suppression fall to the ground in abundance. Then, Blue Silver Emperor rise straight from the ground, changes into Blue Silver Thrusting Wave. Is ordinary just like the string candied fruit, the body penetration of that only bat.</p>

<p>Eliminate evil thoroughly! This point Tang Wulin can do unusual is good.</p>

<p>Tyrannosaurus turns around the personal appearance, directly soars another side battlefield to flush away. His that terrifying personal appearance, the giant sole, every step steps forward, is having the unequalled impact.</p>

<p>Since Tang Wulin has completed the burying bone in Dragon Valley, his Tyrannosaurus Soul Spirit does not know when can become the entity.</p>

<p>Said accurately that should when burying the bone process, Tang Wulin buries behind one already grows Wings Tyrannosaurus, his Tyrannosaurus Soul Spirit Devour that skeleton. Then falls into has been one year of deep sleep.</p>

<p>Once more appear(ance) time, Tang Wulin can summon to fight it directly.</p>

<p>But this is not does not need to pay the price, the price must consume Tang Wulin Soul Power. Moreover, consumption speed incredibly fast is incomparable. At the Tang Wulin present Soul Power intensity, Tyrannosaurus can only fight for a half minute for him.</p>

<p>However, in such battlefield, a half minute of time can decide the lots. Even is outcome in battlefield.</p>

<p>Seven Rings Soul Saint, in the Tyrannosaurus suddenly appear(ance) short several seconds, completely was solved by Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>While Tang Wulin shouted All-Out fight, his companion also erupted!</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui face upwards to roar, body Fourth Soul Ring shines suddenly, her body contracts several points, but the a pair of arm actually becomes even more sturdy, in the hand Giant Hammer(s) rumbles, pounding stiffly flew front Skeleton Evil Soul Master.</p>

<p>Gigantic Demon Titan!</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui jumps, a pair of Giant Hammer(s) launches, initiated madness attack to that Skeleton Evil Soul Master.</p>

<p>Another side, in the Ye Xinglan hand Star Divine Sword changes into the sword star rain, the innumerable sword tip(s) gables to that giant wolf Evil Soul Master, at the same time, on her Fifth Soul Ring shine.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan eyes becomes radiant such as the stars generally is suddenly bright, in the hand Star Divine Sword to airborne one finger, her whole person vanished is in-situ.</p>

<p>In Sky suddenly became illusory the flash, a handle great sword as if cut Zhangkong to drop from the clouds generally. Crashes instantaneously! Points to that giant wolf Evil Soul Master.</p>

<p>giant wolf Evil Soul Master felt huge Life to be critical, Sixth Soul Ring shone, the body inflated once more, the upper body raises, raises head the long and loud cry. Shines one group behind him just like the bright moonlight corona, but this bright moonlight is actually blood-red.</p>

<p>Sixth Soul Skill, Blood Wolf Howls at the Moon!</p>

<p>Blood Wolf Howls at the Moon Soul Skill, can frighten by huge spiritual to the match simultaneously, stimulates own bloodline, erupts over three times of attack and defense ability.</p>

<p>What a pity, what he faces is Ye Xinglan, Peak Yu Jian Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>In the Body and Sword Unity condition, Blood Wolf Howls at the Moon spiritual frightens unable to Ye Xinglan to have any influence.</p>

<p>Great sword of dropping from the clouds, chops to fly a that giant wolf Evil Soul Master sword directly. Formerly has protected One Word Battle Armor of his body to split a giant slit, was dug from the center, but also has left behind a huge scar of deep obvious bone on him.</p>

<p>This is under the protection of Blood Wolf Howls at the Moon Soul Skill, otherwise, the body of this giant wolf Evil Soul Master will be dug to become enlightened two halves directly.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu god Holy Light glow restrains suddenly, but his whole person actually completely turned into golden-colored, back pair of wings also changes into golden-colored. In the hand Holy Sword is burning Sacred Flame. His whole person instant is becoming dedicated.</p>

<p>Fifth Soul Ring ray of light blooms, his white opens golden-colored trace halo circulations, that appear(ance) on Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting golden-colored Little Angel appear(ance) behind him. Suddenly integrates in his body quietly.</p>

<p>The Le Zhengyu body shakes, the back left a pair of wing, but this to the wing is actually illusory. Sacred aura that but on him erupts actually by geometrical multiple promotion.</p>

<p>Sky has shone in this flash suddenly, looked like has Sun to drill nighttime sky, the golden-colored light beam dropped from the clouds together, falls on Le Zhengyu. Long has Angel Light and Shadow of six wings also along with it appear(ance) in the upper air.</p>

<p>In the Le Zhengyu hand Holy Sword looks like a mirror of refraction, has approached that darkness horseman the huge golden-colored light beam refraction that drops from the clouds.</p>

<p>The nightmare warhorse under darkness horseman body sends out silent roars, black flame ascends, body complete coverage of darkness horseman. darkness horseman Sixth Soul Ring blooms. Both hands grip the great sword, the sudden horizontal sword, cut the head of own. The head fell, falls his waist, but his darkness aura actually instantaneously erupted the unequalled terrifying fluctuation.</p>

<p>The great sword wields horizontally, collides with Le Zhengyu fifth Soul Skill together.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu fifth Soul Skill, Great Angel's Anger! Inspiring most pure light Sacred Power, sweeps clear all Evil.</p>

<p>But that darkness horseman sixth Soul Skill is actually terrifying horseman changes the body. Can geometrical multiple fighting strength of promotion own.</p>

<p>Both sides fought from formerly entangling almost change into Life and Death to spell instantaneously.</p>

<p>„Bang -” golden light (Jin Guang) suddenly to launch, blooms in the air just like the fireworks generally, Le Zhengyu received weakening of clown Evil Soul Master eventually. In that purple-black sword tip(s), his divided flying upside down.</p>

<p>But that darkness horseman does not feel better, cross under nightmare warhorse to shatter, changes into bones, is burning golden-colored flame. He, conducted Great Angel's Anger Holy Light to the own saddle horse with no other choice, on his own similarly was also contaminated by Holy Light, has to madness stimulation of movement Soul Power, with that Holy Light resistance.</p>

<p>Mutually wounded!</p>

<p>The eruption is not their Three Great Assault System Battle Soul Master that the human most shocks, but is Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Star Staff lifts up high above the top of the head, in the Xu Xiaoyan mouth muttered was talking over anything. Third Soul Ring Great Release of Rays of Light, in an instant, Starlight Radiance!</p>

<p>Stellar lines are centered on her body jumps to shoot, almost while Ye Xinglan, Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui erupt, that stellar lines accurate looking have surrounded their each Evil Soul Master.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan formerly had not used community Power Control Soul Skill, is waiting for this opportunity. The Control match, is very unexpectedly important, first time was unexpectedly more important.</p>

<p>starlight looked like the eye was steadily ordinary, fell on neighbor each Evil Soul Master instantaneously. The Shrek Seven Monsters people coordinate the what kind tacit understanding! starlight glittering on Xu Xiaoyan, that radiant stellar lines just started appear(ance) the time, Le Zhengyu, Yuan En Yehui and the Ye Xinglan three people front line are first time make reaction, fends rapidly one side, made way attack passageway to starlight.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan One Word Battle Armor is dark blue, above has point starlight to sparkle, looks like the nighttime sky and star. Her One Word Battle Armor name is the star!</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters advocates Control Soul Master fighting strength to show in this moment completely. When that starlight accurate incomparable falling on Evil Soul Master, they looked like instantaneous freeze generally, all decided in same place motionless.</p>

<p>Like this good opportunity people able to let off?</p>

<p>Xie Xie four do several things at the same time also to flash through, in an instant, four cultivated for low Evil Soul Master is cut open the throat.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui jumps, dual hammers such as at top speed one after the other, pounding maliciously in Skeleton Evil Soul Master chest place. In clear break sound, Skeleton Evil Soul Master throws accordingly flies.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu clenches the teeth, is suppressing own ill, in the hand the Holy Sword direction, together Trial of Light is almost the close engagement after the stellar lines, fell on incarnation terrifying horseman darkness horseman, his whole body that divided was been densely covered by the golden-colored electric light.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan formerly just had used own fifth Soul Skill Stars Sword, at this time in the hand a Star Divine Sword finger, whole body Battle Armor starlight jumps shoots, incarnation one group of starlight suddenly to dodge, passed over gently and swiftly from giant wolf Evil Soul Master instantaneously, Sword Divine Star! Although is only first Soul Skill, but speed is quickest, under Battle Armor and Star Divine Sword amplification, the might is similarly out of the ordinary.</p>

<p>time, numerous Evil Soul Master almost simultaneously suffered the heavy losses.</p>

<p>Also with the aid of this opportunity, in Xu Lizhi hand Restoring Stuffed Meatbun accurate falling before people, making them only need to open mouth to bite. But Tang Wulin also draws support from this opportunity, rode Tyrannosaurus to clash.</p>

<p>Majestic Tyrannosaurus batters, Innate Body has not arrived, opens mouth, huge flame has emitted.</p>

<p>This Tyrannosaurus Soul Spirit and Tang Wulin regard is interlinked, flame spouts, just before one side, threatens Xie Xie their several Evil Soul Master to cover completely.</p>

<p>flame that Tyrannosaurus emits is really genuine Dragon Flame! As king of the most formidable land dragon, Tyrannosaurus individual fighting strength is not in fact worse than True Dragon, is even more fearful in the fields. When once the Tyrannosaurus transformation, grows Wings the time. Then, he was close Nine Great Dragon Kings that stage existence.</p>

  </body>
</html>