<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="893">#893: Enters stronghold</h2>
<p>„Sir Xu Shengqun has not carried identification. Sir Gu Yuena identification is normal. How to process?”</p>

<p>Sister Xing has gawked, „doesn't have the identification? What situation?”</p>

<p>„Sir Xu Shengqun said that he forgot to bring......”</p>

<p>In Sister Xing heart one cold, sinking sound track: „Forgot to bring? How possible. Leads them to observation room first, then asked the supervisory brigade to go, rapid repatriation.”</p>

<p>„Yes.”</p>

<p>The front huge metal(s) strobe opens slowly, Tang Wulin and Gu Yue lead the way shoulder to shoulder, this time he, is a face with deep veneration, the look completely is the Xu Shengqun appearance. Stature, to body changed the Xu Shengqun appearance through Control of strength of Soul Power and bloodline. The body has changed an ordinary long gown. Gu Yue follows side him, is very respectful appearance.</p>

<p>„Sir Xu Shengqun, because you have not carried the identification, when therefore we need by supervisory brigade your status, to follow the miter guide to go to the observation room. Sir Gu Yuena, your status verified correct, the approval enters.”</p>

<p>Gu Yuena? Hears to the Gu Yue idiom, the Tang Wulin heart shakes. Subconscious looks to Gu Yue, why did they call her Gu Yuena?</p>

<p>If before, his of course will not produce anything to have doubts, the name is code number that's all. But, present Gu Yue, has the Na'er appearance! This is different.</p>

<p>Although in the heart shocks, at this time he is actually very calm gentle. After all, must first be able to leave this stronghold to be good.</p>

<p>„Does not use, I follow Sir Xu Shengqun to carry on the status confirmation together.” Gu Yue declined directly.</p>

<p>At this time, was similar to square box metal(s) splits the wall place to enter from the front extremely, above had several indicating lamp glittering, „please two adults come with me.”</p>

<p>Then, square box marches forward in front, a metal(s) door opened, leading them to enter a metal(s) road.</p>

<p>Enters here, not having the assistance of Plant, Tang Wulin only to rely on own Spiritual Strength sensation surroundings. But he discovered quickly that this is the futile effort. surroundings metal(s) jade thickness enough over two feet . Moreover the interior has certainly Soul Guidance energy to pour into, it can be said that is impregnable. Even if Titled Douluo rank Elite wants to clash from here unable to achieve hardly. Let alone other.</p>

<p>This stronghold defense so firm, wants not to expose to leave here, the difficulty is really not small!</p>

<p>Follows that robot to pass through the road, enters a leaf of weighty metal(s) gate, then arrived at one similarly is in airtight metal(s) spatial. Can see, in each corner of this room, Soul Guidance Device of many powerful forces is pointing at the room.</p>

<p>This should be the so-called observation room.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sat on the chair directly, an old god in the appearance, Gu Yue stands side him, the expression is indifferent and calm. Before her such.</p>

<p>In order to makes her maintain such condition, yesterday Tang Wulin may not have really little time-consumingly.</p>

<p>time is not long, the front wall splits, several people walked from outside, they all are fully-armed, grasps Soul Guidance Device. surroundings all Soul Guidance Device immediately have also shone, all aims at Tang Wulin and Gu Yue two people. So long as without a doubt, they have changed, then, immediately by all-around attack.</p>

<p>Is a that person seems over 40 years old an age, goes forward several steps, the facial expression indifferent [say / way]: „Xu Shengqun hasn't Spirit Transferring Envoy(s), why carried the identification?”</p>

<p>„Forgot.” Tang Wulin light saying.</p>

<p>Supervisor complexion serious [say / way]: „You are the Spirit Transferring Pagoda high level, violates the rule, will impose the punishment, please learn about.”</p>

<p>„Knew.” Tang Wulin sounds/voices also completely is imitation Xu Shengqun, it can be said that is lifelike.</p>

<p>The supervisors said: „Below starts to verify your status. Please carry on the fingerprint and iris confirmation.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, another monitors officers took the instrument to walk.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin when follows Old Devil to study seepage, had studied, wants to carry on a perfect seepage, must first do, must have way (of life) at least over 60% success ratio. Then in the penetration process, through the observation and adjustment, making the success ratio promote gradually.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, such situation, he observes at present again, does not help matters. To promote the success ratio not to be impossible.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin along with it standing up, seems must carry on the fingerprint and iris test. But flickers below, he has held in the arms Gu Yue suddenly like lightning, simultaneously the personal appearance explodes draws back at the same time, a hand has pinched in the Gu Yue throat place.</p>

<p>Soul Guidance Device of these Defense System series, come on reaction instantaneously, jumps projects innumerable rays, covers to the Tang Wulin body.</p>

<p>But at this moment, Tang Wulin has made very unusual reaction, his whole person draws Gu Yue to go backward but actually. Covers own with the body of Gu Yue. Meanwhile, Huang Mengmeng's halo expands instantaneously, covers above the Gu Yue body.</p>

<p>rays falls above that yellow ray of light, immediately scatters to separate, Tang Wulin also entrained Gu Yue to fall back on the corner. In this position, at least does not need to be attacked by the enemy on all sides.</p>

<p>„Stops attack, otherwise has killed her!” Tang Wulin ice-cold sounds/voices spreads over the audience.</p>

<p>All attack stop suddenly. That several supervisors also had a scare. Such situation they are first time bump into. But Gu Yue coordinates, on face reveals the surprise and frightened look.</p>

<p>Right, Gu Yue is the Tang Wulin last resort. Without a doubt, in Spirit Transferring Pagoda, the Gu Yue status quite did not lower, moreover there is achievement Spirit Transferring Pagoda Vice Pagoda Master Teacher(s). Forces the Spirit Transferring Pagoda aspect to allow to pass with her Life, there are certainly assuring, although this assurance should but actually 60%. But if the Gu Yue comprehensive coordination, that was also similar.</p>

<p>In does not have in other opportunities situations shortly, Tang Wulin can only be this bad plan. Protects yellow ray of light of Gu Yue body, came from his Mountain Dragon King Torso Bone. In order to hide the own identity, does not arrive cannot, he will not release own Martial Soul and Battle Armor.</p>

<p>„Who you are! You are not Sir Spirit Transferring Envoy(s).” The supervisors get angry shout to clear the way.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin cold snort one, „my of course is not, but you should confirm, the girl in my hands, is your Spirit Transferring Pagoda practical high level. Puts me to leave here, otherwise, I have killed her. At the worst perishes together, gives you five minutes, opens the door, puts me to exit.”</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that the supervisors let somebody cool off or calm down: „Useless, you cannot be inescapable. Puts down to prepare Sir Spirit Transferring Envoy(s), opportunity that you have fairly handled.”</p>

<p>Prepares Spirit Transferring Envoy(s)? In the Tang Wulin heart moves, the opposite party did not say that he has not known the Gu Yue status.</p>

<p>He knows that in Spirit Transferring Pagoda, besides Pagoda Master and two Vice Pagoda Master, was Four Great Spirit Transferring Envoys. Has not thought that the Gu Yue small age, arrived unexpectedly has prepared Spirit Transferring Envoy(s) stage, although time of this preparation will be long, but also sufficiently showed that Spirit Transferring Pagoda to her attaching great importance, this regarding Tang Wulin, was more advantageous.</p>

<p>Mountain Dragon King Torso Bone supplements the Soul Skill Mountain Dragon imperial release, Tang Wulin is forcing Gu Yue, while walks toward that several supervisors.</p>

<p>„Few idle talk, open the door. Otherwise has killed her.”</p>

<p>The ear-piercing alarm sound has resounded in entire Star Dou Stronghold at this time.</p>

<p>Sister Xing that must go back to rest hears the warning, has to watch here situation, various internal defense facility urgent starts at the same time, various types of instruments are also carrying on analysis.</p>

<p>„Showed according to the data that invades the Guard Screen protection intensity of enemy is 1065, ordinary rays kind of Soul Guidance Device is unable to break through. Needs to shell by big might Soul Guide Cannon, may rout it. But will certainly injure the hostage.”</p>

<p>The analysis data came out quickly, Tang Wulin Mountain Dragon imperial defense is greatly strengthened, compared favorably with the Seven Rings Defense System Soul Master defense strength sufficiently. In this case, wants in does not injure to the Gu Yue situation in kills him towering, that completely is the impossible matter. Even if ambushes rays unable to achieve.</p>

<p>The supervisors and Tang Wulin are confronting, here situation without doubt already rapidly to the Star Dou Stronghold high-level transmission.</p>

<p>Just like Tang Wulin expectation such, after several minutes, when Gu Yue looks the color of pain, when the Tang Wulin whole body blooms the intense murderous intention. The opposite party compromised finally. metal(s) large door opening.</p>

<p>However, after going out of metal(s) large door, Tang Wulin faces, is actually already densely covered dozens Mecha here, as well as revolving of several Battle Armor Master.</p>

<p>„Gets out of the way, otherwise has killed her.” The Tang Wulin sudden hysteria roars, on the whole person bursts out an unprecedented madness flavor, the a pair of eye turned into blood-red.</p>

<p>Wish makes the match believe that you will kill one held for ransom, enough madness that then, must first display. This initially Old Devil taught the Tang Wulin original words.</p>

<p>------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>