<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="834">#834: Loathing Old Devil</h2>
<p>„I am most repugnant, is this world. I called Loathing, remembered my name, Loathing Old Devil. I will take to you pain, ten times and hundred times and thousand times and ten thousand times of pain.”</p>

<p>The next quarter, Le Zhengyu was hung. Then, leather whip of getting wet on maliciously pulled out on his body.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu has believed since that withstanding ability of own to ache is quite good. But in front of Loathing Old Devil, he discovered that own made a mistake. Because he does not know completely that can take to people in this world the pain the method unexpectedly so many and varied, moreover is such „stimulation”.</p>

<p>„” Pitiful yell sound, that moment of starting from being hung, again has not stopped.</p>

<p>The fierce pain continuously is stimulating the body and mind, struggling that Le Zhengyu goes all out, wants to work loose, but he actually can only look at own to be bruised and lacerated helplessly. Helplessly looks that the nail of own was raised flies, looks at own body gradual irrelevant to shatter, gradual suffocation.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Both eyes of Tang Wulin somewhat lost the focal distance, three months of suffering , the Life strength of his within the body is quite exuberant, but spiritual obviously somewhat was actually stimulated. Saw any is wriggling thing unconscious will tremble somewhat.</p>

<p>Although felt to afterward him Life energy that these „food” contains. May for him, in Life the so happy matter become so painful, how making him be able to accept?</p>

<p>But he hardly has shouldered, for companion, he has no alternative but to shoulder. In his present heart only then a thought that what kind of suffering, own must pass, must rescue companion.</p>

<p>Is relying on the tenacity will, he has supported the entire three months, supported Devour Old Devil to let off him finally.</p>

<p>Big mouth and big mouth is eating front various „food”, the Tang Wulin whole person was somewhat numb, only then in his eyeground deep place, has this such miraculous glow.</p>

<p>The corners of the mouth of Devour Old Devil also somewhat twitch.</p>

<p>In the object of his first suffering as Shrek Seven Monsters, he to Tang Wulin reaction is very satisfied, moreover practical from suffering the Tang Wulin process felt the intense pleasant sensation.</p>

<p>But, actually had discovered an issue to afterward him. That is, this fellow too can eat simply.</p>

<p>When his spiritual was numb, after own orders eats these seems very „disgusting” food, he started to show his capacity for food.</p>

<p>Most fearful one time, his own person, has eaten a length approximately seven meters, thick such as the python of thigh.</p>

<p>After that python eats, the Tang Wulin own body drew out reaction, scales not by Control under bloodline aura surges to reappear intensely. But he can also eat, and capacity for food increases steadily.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil suffers Tang Wulin to be very satisfied regarding own, but he also very much loves dearly now. The capacity for food of this fellow is more fearful than that Little Fatty. Although Little Fatty also eats a lot, but Little Fatty, because had not been suffered, early was thrown by him to Loathing Old Devil. But this fellow, clearly is lived at present to want by the desire that own suffers, but this capacity for food also was really too fearful.</p>

<p>Eats that many and that many......</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil wicked thought that must suffer him to retaliate him time and time again to eat that many maliciously, may arrive afterward, she actually discovered that first this way, cannot bear is not Tang Wulin, but is his own. That many superior food! Even if here Life energy is abundant, cannot stand him so to consume! Therefore, he has to let off Tang Wulin, threw him to Loathing Old Devil.</p>

<p>„You know that what I most dislikes in this world?” Loathing Old Devil lets somebody cool off or calm down looks at Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Do Tang Wulin some vision also delay, „also eat?”</p>

<p>„What eats to eat? Visits your waste the appearance, Devour that trick suffers this you, but also wants this Old Devil dependence pain to help you retrieve spiritual. Really repugnant, was too repugnant, I dislike this world, dislikes all!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was hung, leather whip brushing maliciously on him.</p>

<p>„!” The leather whip shoots, Tang Wulin clothes to shatter, skin surface, has left behind a spoken parts mark.</p>

<p>Bai Hen? How isn't the bloodstain? Loathing Old Devil has gawked. Does not believe in evil doctrines and has pulled out a whip, moreover increased several points of strength desirably.</p>

<p>Also is a spoken parts mark, no, said accurately that is only spoken parts mark. That that the first whip pulls out together, vanished......</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>Loathing Old Devil of course does not believe that this was the normal situation, therefore, his whip was similar to the squally shower generally pulls out strikes on Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Whip-marks spread across, Tang Wulin clothes ripped crushing. However, when the Loathing Old Devil plan changes a torture instrument, he actually discovered that Tang Wulin whip-mark vanished, has not stayed behind including a trace.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>What situation is this?</p>

<p>The pupil of Tang Wulin starts some focuses, he has not thought to hurt, but thought that within the body rich Life strength pulls out to strike outside whip, starts the gradual revolution, starts each other to fuse with the strength of his Qi and Blood. In process that each other blends, a comfortable transmission beyond description spreads the whole body.</p>

<p>Since spiritual sea has obtained is painful assault, finally some comfortable feeling, the spiritual world obtained certain affability finally.</p>

<p>These three months were forced to eat these disgusting things, in some sense, Tang Wulin already the heart seal of own. Can numb eating. His of course does not have time revolution own Soul Power and Qi and Blood intercoordination.</p>

<p>But at this time, in the outside brings under the stimulation of pain, strength of Mysterious Heaven Skill and bloodline will protect the body voluntarily, on revolution naturally, thus stimulates his mind gradually to restore.</p>

<p>The incisive stabbing pain transmits at this moment.</p>

<p>Loathing Old Devil does not know where looked for a long steel nail, punctured the thorn on Tang Wulin, the steel sews under his strength function, finally punctured the skin of Tang Wulin. Has bloodstain appear(ance) faintly.</p>

<p>The stabbing pain brushed formerly the whip obviously is more intense, under this more intense stimulation, Tang Wulin strength of Golden Dragon King bloodline and Mysterious Heaven Skill naturally also on smoother several points of revolution. His spiritual world also finally slowly opens.</p>

<p>Loathing Old Devil saw the eyelet rapid closing that was actually punctured, absolutely does not have the process of scab, restored normally.</p>

<p>When he uses the nail to puncture the body of Tang Wulin, he discovers under the Tang Wulin skin to be similar golden-colored halo, skin itself extremely tenacity, when he uses the steel nail to puncture, will also feel Tang Wulin by the stabbing skin place rapidly to be stiffened, as if also has scales to reappear to resemble.</p>

<p>He lifted the hand to seal up Tang Wulin Soul Power, has sealed up his bloodline revolution. But, he is actually not able to seal up the instinct of Tang Wulin body.</p>

<p>Various types of torture instruments took unceasingly by him, uses on Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The consciousness of Tang Wulin sobered finally completely, looks at busy Loathing Old Devil, looks on own appear(ance) scars, then looks at their rapid closing. Tang Wulin sneers.</p>

<p>Pain?</p>

<p>When this pain when own six years old starts to study forging already became a habit. He is not does not fear to hurt, but regarding sore withstood ability to go far beyond the average person. Even if powerful Soul Master, impossible and he compares the carrying capacity. Let alone he also has the strong resistance to hit ability.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King bloodline the strength of self-recovery was too strong, physical attack or energy attack, Tang Wulin oneself has the strong resistance.</p>

<p>Thereupon, Loathing Old Devil used the skills on Tang Wulin, traded was actually only sneering of others corners of the mouth place.</p>

<p>Hurts again, can after assault Golden Dragon King Seal compared with the rending ache of bringing? That is from inside to outside.</p>

<p>------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>