<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="831">#831: There can never be too much deception in war</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „General Your Excellency, you think that I am silly? Said that I look likely mental handicap. At this time did you say the prestige to me? The reality, places on aircraft with the chute bag, asking Staff Officer Shen to deliver me a regulation, after I felt the security, will let her parachuting. I believe that you have ability to take her to come back. Other was needless saying that now you can only choose to believe me, or looks that I and she perished together.”</p>

<p>Shen Xing the whole body shivers at this time, is sobbing, her both legs already completely weak, leans on Tang Wulin strength to be able the standing body.</p>

<p>The Shen Yue double fist grips tightly, lets somebody cool off or calm down looks at Tang Wulin, „you are best to pray in the future do not fall in my hands.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said easely: „The future matter will say in the future again how now to say?”</p>

<p>Shen Yue drinks one severely, „makes way, lets on them aircraft.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is bringing Shen Xing, such under being a focus of public attention, has mounted Sky Flyer 17. Has not closed the cockpit access panel eagerly, his light [say / way]: „Perhaps, we can use another way (of life). Waits a minute me to ask Staff Officer Shen to return to Devil Island me. Then makes her drive aircraft to come back. Like this you do not have anything to lose. I heart that Sky Flyer 17 can install the long-distance control system, does not know that on this has. I do not think that time aircraft own flew. If any, I suggested that your best dismantle to fall. Otherwise, you understand.”</p>

<p>Shen Yue only thought that front this youth simply looks like a slippery customer, considers all matters unusual is close.</p>

<p>„No, has not installed external guidance system.” Her cold voice said.</p>

<p>„Is very good, hopes that you have not deceived me. If you show loving concern own Younger Sister.” aircraft was starting, access panel slowly closed, has isolated outside all.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin with Blue Silver Grass Bind Shen Xing, making her sit in the copilot, controls buttons skilled, Sky Flyer 17 is accelerating on the runway suddenly, rises into already jet black such as Sky of black ink.</p>

<p>Shen Xing panic-stricken looks that Tang Wulin incomparably is controlling aircraft skilled, when aircraft leaves the North Sea Corps base at that moment, her tears cannot help but once more flowed.</p>

<p>Leaves the North Sea Corps base, means that the own destiny completely was controlled by present youth.</p>

<p>At this time, she genuine sees clearly the Tang Wulin look. From one side can see his long eyelash, handsome face, that pair of clear eye pupil.</p>

<p>If looked from the semblance, how regardless of she is unable to imagine this unexpectedly is a bold scoundrel.</p>

<p>Has saying that this is one looks at the world of face, after Shen Xing sees clearly the Tang Wulin look, she discovered that trembling in own heart and angry is not instead fierce.</p>

<p>„Will you and you kill me?” Shen Xing asked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „aren't you do not fear death?”</p>

<p>In the Shen Xing eye the anger erupts, „had the skill you now to kill me. You could not live.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „So long as your Elder Sister does not make piffle, why I must kill you, I also do not have what bitter hatred with you. Good, sits honestly.”</p>

<p>Under the control of Tang Wulin, Sky Flyer 17 speed were promoted Peak, 30 kilometers in a flash already. aircraft drops slowly, must enter the Devil Island range shortly.</p>

<p>Shen Yue really has scruples the Younger Sister security, any attack or has not been Control appear(ance).</p>

<p>Tang Wulin draws the control handle, aircraft increases into spatially, from the sky draws an elegant arc, flies again in the North Sea Corps direction.</p>

<p>„Do you do? You did not say that makes my own open aircraft to go back?” Shen Xing surprised visits him.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „There can never be too much deception in war do you understand? Thanks to you are the operational staff.”</p>

<p>The free time of speech, aircraft passed over gently and swiftly 30 kilometers range. Tang Wulin has taken back own Blue Silver Emperor, „is the good safety belt.”</p>

<p>So-called wants the chute bag, is Tang Wulin confuses Shen Yue intentionally, is makes Shen Yue think that he is not familiar with aircraft.</p>

<p>Shen Xing has realized anything, hurries the safety belt is.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „mountain does not change, the green water long class. We have another chance to meet.” At the same time was saying, he lifts the hand, has patted on the Shen Xing lower abdomen. Shen Xing only thought that a heat flow surges, own was returned to by close Soul Power. The next quarter, Tang Wulin flapped the button, the copilot seat instantaneously the ejection from aircraft.</p>

<p>„Bastard! I will not let off your.” Shen Xing was screaming take-off.</p>

<p>Listens to her instantaneous remote threat sound, Tang Wulin to smile, Control the Sky Flyer 17 instantaneous acceleration, are directly soaring Devil Island to go.</p>

<p>aircraft drills into Devil Island, slowly landing. Third. This is third aircraft that Tang Wulin makes. However this time finally is not a hood, finally is complete aircraft.</p>

<p>When aircraft steady falling in ground, Tang Wulin surprised seeing, besides Nightmare Old Devil and Disillusioned Old Devil, were unexpectedly many a tall old man.</p>

<p>When facing Shen Yue as well as the North Sea Corps officers, Tang Wulin can control the aspect throughout, when he from aircraft, sees three Old Devil looks, in his heart actually cannot help but one suddenly, in the subconscious, not the wonderful feeling arises spontaneously.</p>

<p>„, And!” Disillusioned Old Devil applauds, „is good and good. Was finally successful.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks to Nightmare Old Devil, „I have achieved, should put my companion.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil shrugs the arm, „does not have the issue, the old man always means what he says. From now on, I have put your companion.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gawked, he has not thought really that Nightmare Old Devil so is unexpectedly good to speak. Hurries anxious asking: „They where?”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil smiles, „I gave to issue to Devour them. Gives you to introduce, this is Devour Old Devil. You looked that I suffered you to be so long, he already could not repress. Then, your companion were him.”</p>

<p>„You!” Tang Wulin looks angrily at Nightmare Old Devil, on the face full is the anger.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil said with his hoarse sounds/voices: „Relax, I do not have him not to have the human nature. With the method of anesthetics low, I also disdain. My request is not high, so long as you can achieve, I have put them.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin calms down immediately after the short anger, the human has to lower the head under the eaves, he already guessed correctly that these Old Devil are not easy to let off own and companion.</p>

<p>He lets somebody cool off or calm down looks at Devour Old Devil, „what do that you want to make us make?”</p>

<p>In the Devour Old Devil eye reveals the frantic color suddenly, „does not make anything, my this whole life, only then a hobby, that eats. Therefore they called me Devour Old Devil. So long as you provide me to your food eat, I let off you.”</p>

<p>Eats? The Tang Wulin expression instantaneously became strange. Such simple matter? Must say what he most excels is anything, Tang Wulin first thinks will not be forging, but will eat.</p>

<p>forging he, although the talent different reported that but after all is also only 6th Rank Blacksmith, 7th Rank above Blacksmith compared with him. But must say eats, Tang Wulin has not thought really on Douluo Continent can have many people stronger than own.</p>

<p>„Good, what eats?” Tang Wulin looks at Devour Old Devil.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil one step stepped forward arrived at side him, then held the shoulder of Tang Wulin, the personal appearance dodged, led him to vanish same place.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil and Tang Wulin walked, Disillusioned Old Devil looks to Nightmare Old Devil, „Nightmare, this boy broke the record probably! Three months 6 days, cross sea to be successful, infiltrating North Sea Corps, succeeds to drive aircraft to return.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil nodded, has broken off the finger head, „probably broke the record. 1500 Hundred Year come the first person. That Little Fatty also crossed the sea to pass, but just passed is killed by the second. Also must make me give him to arrange. But such is normal. This Tang Wulin, worthily is Captain.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil breaks off finger saying: „We must quickly want to select the means that suffers him well. He such good condition, carrying capacity also be much stronger than normal Soul Master. Good and good, most liked this abnormal level small Monster. Well where we must look for his weakness.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil cold snort one, „is not a human was you.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil, „with you are person.”</p>

<p>„Disillusioned, you said that he in Devour there, how long needs to shoulder?” Nightmare Old Devil asked.</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil hit to tremble suddenly smartly spirit, „Devour that fellow......, Really was too disgusting, not to mention was his matter good.”</p>

<p>When the scenery transformation, Tang Wulin once more is at present clear at present, has placed in forest. of course, in valley, vitality abundant forest.</p>

<p>-----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Blessed everybody Happy New Year again. Everybody looked slowly that the Dragon King following plot I basic have combed, will be definitely getting more and more attractive. Was right, now finally can in online smooth looked at the Dragon King legend, Peerless Tang Sect as well as God Realm Legends and cartoon of god seal throne, even also had our newest publication the cartoon of big carapace. Everybody uses cell phone searching day Tang animation, downloads this! The trend between cartoon and animation inundates.</p>

  </body>
</html>