<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="806">#806: Accepts fate?</h2>
<p>On the Xu Xiaoyan face reveals a desperate expression, „good quite to be uncomfortably and sad! Captain, what to do should we?” Her sounds/voices even somewhat sobbed, timid.</p>

<p>„Do not fear that will not have the matter. At the worst this to gain experience task. Goes back to accept the penalty. Relax, our anything has not done, the north regiment can detain us, will not be what kind of us, after all Academy knows us here, we have not made any attack or steal the behavior.”</p>

<p>The major said with a smile: „Therefore , your choices are correct. Takes away them, detains. Was right, by the way. I graduate from Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy. Or the high level of northern regiment basically came from Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy. Therefore, our continuously very repugnant Shrek. Has not thought that is situated in the northeast regiment, the high level actually came from in western Bright Capital City Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy. The relations of related two Academy, do you know?”</p>

<p>Knows? Can not know? Initially Tang Wulin also led companion to go to Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy to smash the gathering place.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not lower the head cheerfully, has accepted fate appearance, this quite therefore entered the nest of thieves!</p>

<p>The major continues saying: „Do not install, although I am very repugnant your Shrek, but looks at your appearances, certainly is the Inner Court students . Moreover, Five Rings cultivates is, definitely was One Word Battle Armor Master. Relax, I will not give you any opportunity. How you install again, I will not show mercy. Come, gives them to take spiritual to prohibit helmet again. This was basically absolutely safe. Cannot move the thought that everybody well rests here for ten days. I guaranteed, ten days later certainly puts you to walk, perhaps, you will be quite by that time hungry, but definitely cannot die.”</p>

<p>Saw that these soldiers put out helmet to walk, Tang Wulin fierce gaining ground, the whole face was the startled color, „you and you cannot such do. You......!”</p>

<p>The helmet cover falls, intense magnetic field instantaneous assault comes, Tang Wulin body one crooked, softly falls to the ground.</p>

<p>Soul Power of other people were prohibited, wants to revolt is impossible, can only be taken helmet, faints separately.</p>

<p>The major shrugs the arm, „originally this. Shrek student, sly serious. Cannot give them the least bit opportunity. This type specifically aims at spiritual of felon to prohibit helmet to seal up their spiritual sea. Obedient sleeping you. Does not know Shrek Academy to be able because of their this time bitter experiences, later to them good. Also or, dismisses them directly? Do not blame me, strange blamed your Academy being too ruthless. Takes away them, delivers to the guard chamber that side. Ten days later puts them to come out again.”</p>

<p>The soldiers run over, every two person, build the Tang Wulin seven people to go fast.</p>

<p>The major right hand feels the chin of own, on the face is revealing color looking pensive, the sinking sound track: „Lets special action team searching base surrounding, the radar sounding, having a look at them to have concealment same party members outside. Whether especially must reconnoiter Mecha.”</p>

<p>„Yes, Major.”</p>

<p>Major both eyes narrow the eyes, he conduct meticulously is always famous, will not let off any detail.</p>

<p>The darkness guard chamber, regarding army is always the place that the servicemen most fear.</p>

<p>Confinement indoor anything does not have, the entire guard chamber be only two feet high, happen to lets the altitude that the human is unable to sit, inside does not have any ray. One small mouth, can deliver the food to come.</p>

<p>The guard chamber most fearful place was its anything does not have. The average people were closed here, can insist that seven days, that is quite formidable existence. In darkness airtight spatial, spiritual will collapse for a long time.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin they are bringing the handcuff and helmet, static lying down in guard chamber.</p>

<p>Has not known long time, in that darkness spatial, a pair of lifted slowly, gently holds by own helmet, then breaks off slowly it.</p>

<p>Right, is breaks off. Does not have the key and electronic password, helmet cannot open. But actually his stiffly broke off with both hands.</p>

<p>In the hand has the handcuff, is not quite convenient, that both hands fierce makes, metal(s) handcuff instantaneous to shatter, the next quarter, he has also raised own head helmet.</p>

<p>Has rubbed the rubbing the hands wrist, feels within the body Soul Power gradually to restore, in the eye pupil sends out the light purple light.</p>

<p>This breaks free of the handcuff, to take off helmet, is not just Tang Wulin?</p>

<p>He looked at surroundings, companion. He also along with it relaxing.</p>

<p>Has distinguished probably, he first broke off the Xie Xie handcuff and helmet. Then a hand covers the mouth of Xie Xie.</p>

<p>After long time, the body of Xie Xie shakes gently, Tang Wulin said immediately in a low voice: „Let alone words. Maintains silent.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie understands immediately that with the restoration of spiritual, starts rapidly to restore own Soul Power.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin follows a set pattern, unties the companion handcuff and helmet.</p>

<p>Why hadn't he been sealed up spiritual sea by that helmet? Said that does not have what special place. Seals the soul handcuff to seal up Soul Power, this point is without a doubt, even if cultivates for again strong Soul Master, was sealed on the soul handcuff handcuffs, the situation is also same.</p>

<p>But don't forget, Tang Wulin also had the strength of formidable Qi and Blood. When helmet buckles above him, he stimulates to movement the strength of Qi and Blood to pour into the forehead immediately, forcefully a take shape protection. If the major can see at that time helmet inside Tang Wulin, does not think that he can prohibit him, at that time, on the face of Tang Wulin reappeared golden-colored dragon pattern(s).</p>

<p>Has the impediment of strength of Qi and Blood, the helmet seal Spiritual Strength effect was very naturally difficult to realize. The following all were simple. After outside is peaceful enough, Tang Wulin has relieved own and companion prohibiting immediately.</p>

<p>„Academy Taikeng.” Xie Xie cannot bear said in a low voice. The breath of people slightly somewhat is loud.</p>

<p>Yeah, Academy chooses North Sea City is not aimless, here North Sea Corps specially is keeping the pit they! No wonder each knows the person who military training situation, looks their vision are bringing pitying. This did not have on the island, they have faced so the condition.</p>

<p>„Was good, spits the trough to be useless. The situation has not calculated finally badly. At least we now are also in the base, always compares outside is better. Xie Xie, you release to do several things at the same time to reconnoiter.” At the same time was saying, a Tang Wulin tumbling, arrived at the entrance of guard chamber. That is a door, very weighty, locked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, concentrate spiritual, feels outside situation. Outside has not guarded. Perhaps is because to sealing soul handcuff and sealing god helmet the effect is too confident, outside guards continually does not have.</p>

<p>However Tang Wulin does not have the general idea, turns around to withstand Xie Xie saying: „Does several things at the same time to be certainly careful, where you only needed to reconnoiter to have Soul Guidance aircraft to be OK. In this base will certainly have many security measures, the thermal imagery type scanner is unable to discover your, but energy analysis meter actually. If were discovered that you immediately let do several things at the same time to dissipate, they will not suspect in any case is us. All careful, brings back to some useful things as far as possible.”</p>

<p>„Good, relax, gives me.” Xie Xie nodded to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin right hand finds out, has not found the way to open the door directly, but comes to side the guard chamber, „here is the vent, I open the entrance, through the Spiritual Strength feeling, this vent is very small, normal Humanity cannot exit, but should your doing several things at the same time?”</p>

<p>The Xie Xie nod said: „Does not have the issue, I can compress doing several things at the same time of energy shape, so long as there is an arm thick crevice, can drill.”( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>