<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="766">#766: Gu Yuena</h2>
<p>Na'er sighed one lightly, „in the past, we made a bet, I chose with you resolutely bet, was because, I know that you wanted to look for a pretence to kill him, actually did not think the mind appear(ance) flaw. I have no alternative but to promise you, if I do not promise you, that time you, even if the mind has the flaw, without hesitation falls the homicide.”</p>

<p>„Do you regret now?” Na'er asked.</p>

<p>Gu Yue somewhat is in a daze, „regret? I do not know.” She does not know really own regretted.</p>

<p>Na'er said: „If you do not want all these, initially should not formulate to integrate the world way (of life). Facts showed that your such procedure is right, only then understands Humanity, can genuine find their Ruin way (of life). However, we in fact have actually discovered that Humanity does not have no merit to speak, at least, the Humanity rich emotion, is we completely does not have. Therefore had me, you of childhood time, in order to lets own really likely Humanity, has to Seal own. Good genuine fits into the Humanity society. But belonged to Humanity that some Soul born.”</p>

<p>„When you discovered that the Humanity mood some have not been possible Control time, wants to remove me forcefully became impossible. Will be enormous because of such degree injury you. But all these, gather my brother to be related , because my brother takes to my warmth and love, making me understand anything was the Humanity emotion.”</p>

<p>„But, you separate from the body me, a take shape independent individual, but is whatever, I am your part, we eventually is a body. Therefore you make a bet with me, betting my brother can like on you, can give up me because of you. If you have won, showed that the Humanity emotion is false, I naturally will also integrate you. If you lost, at that time you what said that you lost have made me forever the individual. Right. What a pity, I have your Wisdom after all, but also has the Humanity emotion, less than several years I understand that radically is impossible. I occupied you 30% strengths. If I am independent finally, then, you were not you. Therefore, you are impossible to discard my, the difference is, does not have the next fusion, is bringing slight defect that's all. Therefore, if you lost, you will certainly massacre my brother, fuses me forcefully. Did I say may be right?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue looks at Na'er, listening to her to speak with confidence, pretty face becomes slightly some pale white.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, do you know? Reason that I am willing to make a bet with you , because you do not understand the Humanity sentiment. Believes in you that I and my brother's sentiment was that you thought plants. In fact you have made a mistake, what we are more is the kinship, perhaps I to him not completely am, but at least he to me is. But he to you, is actually not the kinship, but is Love.”</p>

<p>„Love and kinship are entirely different. Therefore, he has not given up me, has not betrayed me. Although he has elected you. Therefore, I lost, but, you actually cannot obtain the result that you want. Therefore, was actually who to lose, did not say.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue deep visits her, „you think that I do not know these that really you plan?”</p>

<p>Na'er has smiled, „your of course knows that intelligent such as you, to be how possibly able to look? When you try to alienate my brother , because you felt that the own emotion was affected, what a pity, Love is influences subtly, when you realize the incorrect time, already late. Because, he has been admitted to you. Therefore, you diligently have gotten rid in attempt, the attempt suppresses. May more be time grew, he actually more takes root to germinate in your heart.”</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, do you have the discovery, Soul Beast or Divine Beast(s), our natural dispositions were too pure. After once we contact the Humanity emotion, regardless of your energy is formidable, Spiritual Strength is vast, is actually not able to prevent that sentimental attack. It invisible does not have the nature, actually real existence.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue anguished [say / way]: „Did you think this unable he? Do you think really like this?”</p>

<p>Na'er sighed one lightly, „at least this can make his live was remote. So long as time grew, when he has enough strength, so long as you are unable to his act , I to believe that in the future nobody can kill he. Gu Yue, faces up to your own sentiment. The hatred will only make the human hoodwink both eyes.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue suddenly angry tunnel: „You really look like Humanity now.”</p>

<p>Na'er has smiled, „I am Humanity! I have thought. Therefore, I do not want Ruin Humanity, what I am willing to see is the peaceful coexistence. I love my brother, I also love our Aunt Daddy, I like the Humanity world. Humanity emotion. You have won, but, you also lost. But I am really good to hope that in the future you can have a good result, no, is you can have a good result.”</p>

<p>The breath of Gu Yue becomes somewhat rapid, „you think really I amn't able to firmly decide to kill him?”</p>

<p>Na'er shakes the head, „your of course cannot. You cannot. Even if no me, you cannot. Otherwise, will you wait till the present? When murders such as you resolute, so hesitant? When your hesitant first time, perhaps you have the opportunity, but after your so hesitant three times, impossible to his act . This point I am clear, your own also certainly is very at heart clear. After you fuse me, you are I, I am you, you will only come under a more tremendous influence. But does not set firm resolve. Loves him well, my brother is very outstanding and is very outstanding. Although we do not know that his Golden Dragon King bloodline came from where, but has to acknowledge that in the Humanity world, can be joined to our only then he.”</p>

<p>On the Gu Yue face full is dejected, „I decided wrongly was initially with your bet, or I should not separate you. At least such words, I can also affect subtly.”</p>

<p>„You lost, I also lost. You said right, my not being able to get down hand, I did not have the means to kill him. Therefore I can only leave him, making time and distance change pale our each other being in love, perhaps, only has this, some day I will kill him in the nonchalance. He grows enough quick, one day has killed me. You understand that among us the contradiction is irreconcilable, this is contradiction between Humanity and Soul Beast, is contradiction between Gods and Divine Beast(s). He is I, conflicts that is unable to solve.”</p>

<p>Na'er was silent, she somewhat is finally startled, „, but, I walked, you also walked, he will be sad.”</p>

<p>The Gu Yue body trembled trembling, „such also compared with me side him, but my these person Control do not live to kill his good again on own initiative. Present I, but also is far from all walking from Seal, Nucleus has awakened, but you know that our these under how formidable existence. Even had already should become Divine Beast(s) Elite. Even if present I, impossible to suppress them completely. Therefore, I am doomed to walk.”</p>

<p>Na'er white teeth bites the lower lip lightly, „perhaps you are right. Gu Yue, you really changed. You will have considered for other people, particularly for him. I understood, you must leave, to give him in a big way becomes among Zhangkong. You are the hope, in the future some day he can unable to kill him to you formidable. But you know that is impossible, God Realm existence, he is forever is no longer impossible to achieve your this realm.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue has smiled, „you understand that but you do not understand. You do not know that actually he in my heart is what kind of status. You are not clear, actually some present my many to belong to Humanity. You said right, I regretted, why I regretted initially to issue to integrate the order of Humanity world. However, my mission I must do, but I am not willing to injure the person who does not want to injure. Therefore, such contradiction, makes me come alone to face. I do not know how should do, but must walk forward. Comes back Na'er. Starting today, I no longer am Gu Yue, my name can be complete finally. He does not know that I called Gu Yuena!”</p>

<p>A flowing light sparkles, the body of Gu Yue suddenly became insightful, the insight of silvery-white, the six glow stars of under foot raised invisible knot, covered them.</p>

<p>If some people will discover in neighbor that in that silvery-white world, does not have the half minute energy fluctuation to overflow.</p>

<p>The body of Na'er also became insightful, the insight of silvery-white, she gradually moved toward Gu Yue, has actually had tears streaming down the face.</p>

<p>„I somewhat do not give up all these, does not give up person, does not give up Teacher(s), does not give up Elder Brother!”</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>Two female fusions, but starts, was not finished!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>