<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="849">#849: Shen sisters</h2>
<p>Xu Lizhi said: „I completely understood now why we before going, the Academy division commanders were such expression. War God Temple that Senior that we meet is also. Really never wants to return to that place again.”</p>

<p>Yeah, said that can leave, they almost impatiently broke in sea, is far away with quickest speed.</p>

<p>„Actually, Old Devil they are also very pitiful.” Xu Xiaoyan said.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu complexion changes, „they feel sorry , don't we feel sorry for? We were suffered by them also insufficient.”</p>

<p>„Selects Zhengyu calmly.” Tang Wulin said: „We withstood inhuman suffering, but has to acknowledge that in this several months time, we also had the considerable progress. We grew, were leaving there moment, I genuine felt that own no longer was a child, but turned into the adult.”</p>

<p>„Yes! We grew up.” The Yuan En Yehui chuckle was saying.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin ease [say / way]: „Was right, when by *@ Old Devil Test, had the accident besides Zhengyu, each of you's reaction I saw actually at that time. Is *@ Old Devil looks to me specially. The words said that you do want to know, what reaction each other is?”</p>

<p>The people instantaneously became silent, Le Zhengyu stares in a big way the eye.</p>

<p>Other five people are almost [say / way] with one voice: „Shut up!”</p>

<p>Soul Guidance Train comes, finally gave this chilly small stop station to bring piece of light. Looks at familiar Train, was recalling bitter experience each time, Tang Wulin both hands hug after the brain, first has stepped onto Train.</p>

<p>Finally must go back. Hard times finally passed.</p>

<p>Eventually, he has not said the thing that own of that day sees, good that something did not say.</p>

<p>North Sea Corps.</p>

<p>Shen Yue complexion gloomy listened to subordinates reports, the mood to miss the extreme.</p>

<p>North Sea Corps had the traitor within unexpectedly, moreover is such important post, as the armed forces regimental commander, her Duty-bound Responsibility. What is more important, own Younger Sister nearly degenerated into the captive. This matter, must go all the way with it, how regardless of must eradicate internal traitor within.</p>

<p>„Passes on me to order, immediately launches to purge the motion. The regiment, investigates rigorously.”</p>

<p>„Yes!”</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Major Chen and his partners were eradicated, after inventory, in the warehouse has been short of over 200 Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. These Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell put together, bombed flat a small city sufficiently.</p>

<p>Shen Xing looks at Elder Sister, until at this moment, her mood was unable to return to normal completely.</p>

<p>„Elder sister, other your pressure was also too big.” Other people exited, Shen Xing also returned to the name of Shen Yue normally.</p>

<p>The Shen Yue brow is tight, „this is not the issue of pressure. Our North Sea Corps unexpectedly by person infiltrating, then, other regiment? Entire Northeast Military District? This matter cannot conceal the truth, must report. Perhaps I will be punished. As for you, I according to rendering meritorious service reporting. After all was you have discovered issue location, moreover prevented these rebels to escape promptly, had about Shrek Seven Monsters these people, I will conceal. Places on the merit you.”</p>

<p>„Elder sister, you? What punishment will you suffer?” Shen Xing somewhat anxiously asked.</p>

<p>Shen Yue is smiling bitterly shaking the head, „does not know that can only be walks one step to look at one. This time matter is too big, perhaps the position of my this armed forces regimental commander must vacillate. Waits for your rendering meritorious service to be approved, I will transfer you as soon as possible. You are also this assuming sole responsibility for an important task time.”</p>

<p>Shen Xing nod of gently. Why does not know, after experiencing the beforehand matter, just when she rested slept, has not had a bad dream again.</p>

<p>Shen Yue has not sent for pursuing Shrek Seven Monsters, for her, does not need to do completely. Because does not have any significance. How even if stressed the Tang Wulin seven people able? Only can make the North Sea Corps interior scandal ferment. With its this, might as well neglect them. Like this is good to everybody. After all, even if celebrating a holiday of Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy and Shrek Academy is big, that is also the struggle of spirit. But is the military senior official, the lots that she must consider are longer-term.</p>

<p>After two transferring to another vehicle, Tang Wulin and companion were on correct Train, directly soared Shrek City to go. This time, has not come across the rarely seen matter finally, bon voyage.</p>

<p>When Soul Guidance Train steady docking in Shrek City, Tang Wulin own had the feeling that planted to have tears streaming down the face. Has not had Soul Guidance Train of accident, was really too wonderful. Must know, this he may be somewhat with trepidation all the way!</p>

<p>Got out, extension of effort a body.</p>

<p>„Came back finally. We go back to register directly, do you have other matter?” Tang Wulin asked to companion.</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „I do not plan such quickly to return to Academy, I need the recuperation and recuperation. This playing was too big, I must unable to bear. I plan to go home, for a long time has not gone back. Yuan En you go home with me together. The ugly wife must see the parents-in-law. Whoops!”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui works off anger Teng Teng is clutching the ear of Xie Xie, „you said that who is the ugly wife?”</p>

<p>„I ugly, I am ugly. You were most beautiful.” Xie Xie in this aspect never anything moral integrity.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu to rejoice in other people's misfortunes [say / way]: „Gets what one deserves you. Xiaoyan, you also invited me to go to your family to sit! I not am always ugly.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie gets angry: „Stirring up trouble.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan „puff” smiles, „good! I am a place come out with Xie Xie, you also together return to Eastsea City with me. I lead you to go to my family to have a look.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu and some Xie Xie exclusions stared opposite party one, has not said with the opposite party.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is laughing in spite of trying not to shaking the head, looks to Ye Xinglan and Xu Lizhi, „you?”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi looks to Ye Xinglan, Ye Xinglan said: „We return to Academy. The thing of this learning are actually many, I planned that consolidates well. Lizhi is also, this time he harvests many, I must help cultivation of his consolidated own be.”</p>

<p>„Good.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „One month later, we in Academy all assembled. Then, I planned that practices the coordination with everybody, do you have the dissident views?”</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „I do not have the issue.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui nods.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu said: „I do not have any issue. Moreover, Boss I thought that your choice is correct, when has graduated from Inner Court, I planned that enlists in the military with you.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie surprised looks at Le Zhengyu, said: „Has not thought that your patriotism, usually has not looked!”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan said with a smile lowly: „He is because the military uniform is quite graceful. On that day after having worn the military uniform, talked over several times with me.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu was discouraged immediately, „wife, you cannot remove my stage!”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan white his eyes, „who is your wife?”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu smiles, „we shelled peanuts have cooked the cooked rice, can you also not be my wife? I can definitely regard you in that day illusion now am your. After all, *@ Old Devil simulation unusual is good, hey.”</p>

<p>Looks he harbors evil intentions bad smiles, Xu Xiaoyan elegant blushing face, „feeds, in this, you do not go home with me!”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu hurries to keep silent.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said with a smile: „I do not have the opinion, we are a whole, truly should well Joint Training. Moreover, regarding enlistment, some of my also interests. Has seen the North Sea Corps situation, genuine understands that, compared with the army, our individual strength were really too tiny. Although we have not been the serviceman in the future, but I thought that understood the modernized military level is very necessary. After the graduation, I think that I and Lizhi can also enlist in the military.”</p>

<p>--------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>