<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="858">#858: wisdom presses the disturbance</h2>
<p>Drives to start off, the Tang Sect Combat Car camouflage system opens, vehicles surface take shape dark blue paint surface, seems like black under the gloomy ray, only then under the sunlight, will present for sapphire generally profound luster. This blue was called the water silicon metahewettite to be blue by Tang Sect, withdraws from a mineral substance. Itself anti-corrosive, but can also increase the metal(s) degree of hardness. Some Mecha will also choose this material quality as the exterior painting.</p>

<p>Tang Sect Combat Car under driving of Tang Wulin on the High-speed road, went in the Heaven Dou City direction with lightning speed once more.</p>

<p>own the feeling of driving and going by car is also different, Tang Wulin discovered that this Tang Sect Combat Car opened not to say very steadily, moreover controlled extremely good, can achieve a condition of person car(riage) body very much easily.</p>

<p>Although speed is quick, but actually very much has confidence. Has only used less than two hours of time, the Heaven Dou City guidepost already was by far in sight.</p>

<p>Does not know that Battle Soul Hall does have to hold these Holy Spirit Cult Evil Soul Master. The bitter experience of that worn out factory made the Tang Wulin heart heavy. More is understands to Holy Spirit Cult profoundly, more can feel them to the society's harm to Federation. These fellows, must sooner eradicate are really good!</p>

<p>Has gotten down the High-speed road, Tang Wulin familiar turning the main road, expunges to the Heaven Dou City urban district direction. Was similar to the day before yesterday situation, by path many disaster victims, but could see that they obtained the official placement, the quantity reduced.</p>

<p>Perhaps the reconstruction must carry on very for a long time, after all destruction serious of that moreover this time matter nature is extremely bad. Thinks that should also ignite in entire Federation to the heart of Holy Spirit Cult sharing a common hatred.</p>

<p>At the same time is thinking, Tang Wulin drives to enter in the urban district, the order in urban district is good, was only the police vehicle quantity of patrol obviously are much more than past.</p>

<p>Police vehicle really useful, will not be attacked. In the Tang Wulin heart sighed one darkly, but there are always to compare not to have, at least can make the people steadfaster.</p>

<p>Heaven Dou City Blacksmith Association is Blacksmith Association General Headquarters, Tang Wulin arrives at the nearby the car(riage), turns in a small lane to stop, gets out, receives the car(riage) with storage ring, then walks toward Blacksmith Association.</p>

<p>Just now gets to the entrance, he stopped the footsteps, is not he does not want to go, but is Blacksmith Association large door is stopped up at this time unexpectedly watertight.</p>

<p>„Hands over the murderer, hands over the murderer!” The entrance, at least over a thousand people stop up there, call of madness. Some agitated people also take the stone to throw toward Blacksmith Association.</p>

<p>Before Association gate, has pulled up yellow line, inside has the police to keep the order, but is very obvious, they somewhat could not block the agitated people.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin surprised asked people in surrounding to ask knows, the trouble of Blacksmith Association was big.</p>

<p>Demonstrated according to the investigation monitoring, before the Heaven Dou City bitter experience attacks, these detonate in the Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell terrifying member, the place that at least several finally go is Blacksmith Association.</p>

<p>Heaven Dou City such Metropolis, the Soul Guidance monitor is almost found in the main block. Therefore sees very clearly.</p>

<p>Although currently did not have any evidence to show that Blacksmith Association is related with Holy Spirit Cult, but, these videos were revealed by the person with high aspirations. The Heaven Dou City excited people looked like found immediately proclaimed the drain port to be common, looked for Blacksmith Association.</p>

<p>Blacksmith Association General Headquarters had been besieged good several days, now can only be large door shuts tightly. Without a doubt, the prestige of this matter to Blacksmith Association has had the enormous attack.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin brow is tight, he believes to Senior Teacher absolutely. Blacksmith Association is how possible to have relation with Evil Soul Master. Moreover, is monitoring video recording easily known by the people? At least before not having the findings should not put.</p>

<p>The calm judgment, this people frame Blacksmith Association obviously intentionally!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin still clearly remembers, the assassination of that Senior Teacher bitter experience. Without a doubt, that assassination should be related with Holy Spirit Cult. As Continent only Divine Craftsman, without a doubt, Senior Teacher in the situation , by Holy Spirit Cult not being used, absolutely is their eye-sores and thorns in the side, is then quick except it.</p>

<p>The people mostly are follow, especially thoses lost family member's people, wanting Control to live in the mood not to be truly simple. Especially now the Heaven Dou City administration building is blown up directly, almost all Advanced city Administrative officials are annihilated, the newly arrived officials handled this accident to be badly battered, who had the thoughts to help Blacksmith Association clarify!</p>

<p>In the situations of these issues, the pressure that Blacksmith Association bears will be getting bigger and bigger.</p>

<p>To be what to do good? In the Tang Wulin eye is revealing the color of thinking, since own came, has faced this issue. If that wants the means to help Senior Teacher.</p>

<p>He does not have to enter Blacksmith Association eagerly, but one side falls back on the common corner, is observing silently.</p>

<p>The people that here gathers have over a thousand fully, moreover is agitated, for a very long time does not go. It seems causes trouble not only also a day. That side Blacksmith Association, many glasses were destroyed.</p>

<p>Is the goal that then, they cause trouble what?</p>

<p>To handle a matter, first wants calm analysis, this is Lazy Old Devil gives Tang Wulin. His original words are, in this world the most intelligent people is a dead beat, because only then the dead beat will find out these to save the method of time and work.</p>

<p>Comes across the matter, doing things recklessly processes, can only be wastes time and energy, only then looks for the accurate goal, strikes to subdue, can time-saving reduce effort, has many time to handle other matters, for example, has a long lazy sleep.</p>

<p>Without doubt, Tang Wulin does not approve regarding the Lazy Old Devil words completely, the method of but regarding him working has actually studied.</p>

<p>Before having traded, his perhaps really anything means that only cannot be go in look for Senior Teacher first, asks the Blacksmith Association present situation.</p>

<p>But this time he, actually compared with initially calm many, stand in the common place, the vision the people that causes trouble from these 11 has swept.</p>

<p>Relies on Spirit Abyss Realm spiritual to cultivate is, very much easily he can observe a person unusual is careful. What he first does is the resolution, has Soul Master separately in the crowd.</p>

<p>Answer negative, in the people of causing trouble, Soul Master does not have, is the average person.</p>

<p>But he has not given up in light of this, but continues carefully to observe. About after dozen minutes, Tang Wulin discovered that in people that these cause trouble, is very distributing several leaders evenly.</p>

<p>Whenever the people clamored some stops that and made time, they can always voice at the right moment, raised one once more *.</p>

<p>Altogether 16 such people, they very even branch in these over a thousand people of regions. Tang Wulin also discovered through the careful observation that on these person of ears is bringing communications device, is very advanced miniature communications device.</p>

<p>This Little Thing value Tang Wulin is very clear, at least will not be the average person can afford or will buy.</p>

<p>In summary, perhaps these characteristics put out one to come unable alone to prove anything, but if gathers in the same place, can prove a lot.</p>

<p>Let alone, Tang Wulin did not need the extremely detailed evidence.</p>

<p>Turns around to depart. Moves toward by the street gloomy place.</p>

<p>„Hands over the murderer, punishes Blacksmith Association!” The people are shouting loud.</p>

<p>„Blacksmith Association Association President comes out, gives us a confession!”</p>

<p>„The Blacksmith Association people should on the guilotine. Your these damn Evil Soul Master......”</p>

<p>Various types cursed angrily the sound continuously.</p>

<p>At this moment, suddenly, the form cuts into the crowd together like lightning. His appear(ance) was really too quick, invisible strength released from him, the place visited, the people were pushed all one side.</p>

<p>yellow cape and yellow mask. The front is bringing Tang Sect Yellow Rank Battle Member badge.</p>

<p>Lifts the hand, he held one to yell the ominous people.</p>

<p>Does not wait for people reaction to come, he bellows suddenly, „where runs!” At the same time was saying, his Soul Ring ray of light shine in abundance, enough eight, two yellow, two purple, four black. The extremely powerful imposing manner erupts from the body along with it.</p>

<p>Huge blue-gold Vine howl just like Mighty Dragon generally, first shoots up to the sky, then drills into the crowd, goal 11 Bind that will see formerly solidity.</p>

<p>Although people over a thousand, but at this time actually because the shock loses one's voice to call out in alarm.</p>

<p>„Tang Sect Battle Soul Hall arrests the Evil Soul Master Holy Spirit Cult scoundrel, everybody does not use startled.” In Tang Wulin sounds/voices contained some Golden Dragon Roars spiritual deterrent effects, one people called out in alarm the sound pressure.</p>

<p>Inside police also fast ran, when but they see dressing up and front of Tang Wulin Battle Member badge as well as Soul Ring, stops the footsteps, has not approached again.</p>

<p>---------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>