<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="781">#781: The child of nature</h2>
<p>Yun Ming frown said: „Should be he cultivate to insufficient, Soul Power is not enough to stimulate to movement Soul Skill, therefore does not have the Soul Skill effect to appear. I help your helping hand to try.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he moves sideways to arrive at behind Tang Wulin, pressed the right hand on his shoulder, shifted the Tang Wulin vest place.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thinks one extremely gentle, but exceptionally vigorous Soul Power pours into to own within the body slowly, rapid brace completely own dry meridians.</p>

<p>Mysterious Heaven Skill!</p>

<p>This absolutely is purest Mysterious Heaven Skill. Being startled of Tang Wulin face, he has not thought that Pavilion Master unexpectedly cultivate is also Mysterious Heaven Skill.</p>

<p>„Calm, concentrates spiritual. Stimulates to movement your Soul Ring to try!”</p>

<p>Does Yun Ming cultivate is? Itself cultivate is also Mysterious Heaven Skill, wanted to imitate Tang Wulin Soul Power to be easy. Tang Wulin hurries to transfer Soul Power, pours into to own Fifth Soul Ring.</p>

<p>green-gold ray of light again appear(ance), as before just like swallowing up general, absorb Soul Power of Tang Wulin within the body.</p>

<p>The genuine contact, can feel a Super Rank Elite strength to be fearful. Tang Wulin only thought Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power that own behind transmits rolling flows just like long stream grand river generally, that green ring of light Devour, although quick, but cannot affect the own within the body Soul Power fill degree.</p>

<p>green-gold ring of light became more and more radiant, Tang Wulin only thought that in own spiritual sea, as if had any thing to bloom slowly. When looks with rapt attention, spiritual sea also turned into green-gold unexpectedly.</p>

<p>He begins slightly supinely, center the forehead, green light pattern reappears together quietly. This light pattern seems like the sprout that was just born, green-gold halo blooms from the Tang Wulin forehead place.</p>

<p>That encircles halo to send out a diameter ten meters range, then falls to the ground slowly.</p>

<p>Other Titled Douluo subconsciously have fallen back on the far place, looks at this time this mysterious Transformation.</p>

<p>green-gold halo falls to the ground, changes into green ring of light, in ring of light, shone grotesque and gaudy green-gold, marvelous green-gold rune reappeared slowly, not only they appear(ance) in ground, float in airborne.</p>

<p>Peak rich Life aura is centered on it bursts out outward, but this time, was actually not Humanity can the absorb Life strength, but belonged to the Life strength of Plant world specially.</p>

<p>Both arms of Tang Wulin subconscious opens to the body, before appear(ance) green corona appear(ance) in him behind, that reappears once again with his same green-gold figure.</p>

<p>Is centered on that green-gold figure, huge green-gold Vine swarm, in addition just right 12, each root has the water jar to be thick or thin, drops from the clouds, straight insertion above ground.</p>

<p>Immediately, the earth turned into green-gold, that thick green-gold is also extending the earth outward diffusion. The place visited, all Plant rapidly turned into golden-colored.</p>

<p>What is more fearful, these golden-colored swinging of Plant slight(ly), sent out exceptionally rich energy fluctuation.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin completely immersed in the own spiritual world at this time, he only thought that the own thinking feeling has covered instantaneously entire Sea God Island, then starts to extend the Sea God lake to spread outward, the next quarter has covered entire Shrek City Inner City. All Shrek City Inner City Plant also turned into golden-colored.</p>

<p>They look like the arm of eye and Tang Wulin of Tang Wulin, so long as is his thought everywhere one visit, can actually Control live in these Plant to do any matter.</p>

<p>What is more astonishing, the Tang Wulin surprised discovery, own really has a thought, can transmit the feeling to any place through these Plant, a strength feeling unceasing promotion beyond description. Each Plant as if in investing gives him energy that own has, so long as his body can unable to withstand, energy of his within the body continually will promote.</p>

<p>But all Plant in madness absorb Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces in air, are changing into most pure Life to moisten own, is returning nurturing to parents Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Is feeling all these silently, suddenly, Tang Wulin at present one black, anything does not know.</p>

<p>When he wakes up once more, outside weather was black. Tang Wulin only thought that the own headache wants to crack, as if has any thing to the head of own rip open.</p>

<p>The severe pain made him unable to bear the groan make noise.</p>

<p>„Awoke?” Gentle sounds/voices resounds in his side.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious turning head looks that somewhat is at present fuzzy, but actually as before can distinguish, is Sky Raising Douluo Sea God Pavilion Master Yun Ming.</p>

<p>„Pavilion Master.” Tang Wulin struggles to do, actually discovered that a own strength cannot use unexpectedly. It is not the body does not have strength, but was spiritual was too weak, actually some Control did not live in the body of own.</p>

<p>„Is I am inconsiderate. You are lying down.” Yun Ming arrives at side Tang Wulin, pastes a golden-colored bead on his forehead.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that forehead transmitted cool, the headache feeling weakened immediately.</p>

<p>Yun Ming said: „Your very possible Creation history, to have extraordinary Soul Skill.”</p>

<p>„?” Tang Wulin visits him surprisedly, along with the restoration of spiritual, at present finally became clear.</p>

<p>Yun Ming said: „If I have not guessed that wrong, your fifth Soul Skill, should be Blue Silver Grass and Golden Tree unifies take shape. Actually it is what kind of shape, actually to use any age limit to judge, we cannot reach an agreement now. But I can tell you am, your this Soul Skill is Domain kind of Soul Skill, moreover ultra range Domain kind. In other words, it can cover the Super Rank huge range. At least in me at present in known Soul Skill, your this should be range biggest existence.”</p>

<p>„Through your then Transformation, we can judge some, but also wants you to supplement. We can feel at that time that all was covered by your this Soul Skill with Plant of sensation turned into golden-colored. But various Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces and Element(s) in these golden-colored Plant Devour air naturally. In other words, can play close even surpasses the Element Peeling effect. All Elemental-Type Soul Master, in your Domain, the strength extremely will be limited. of course, the premise is, has enough many Plant existence in this position.”</p>

<p>„Is. At that time your own Soul Power obtained suddenly has come from returning nurturing to parents of Soul Skill, making cultivation of your own to promote rapidly. In the high point, raised the standard of close 80th Rank, in other words, enhanced ten times to continue your own Soul Power.”</p>

<p>Soul Power from 40 as multistage as 80th Rank, has not promoted 70%. A higher rank , to promote Soul Power are more. Ten times of conservative estimates. Tang Wulin compression Soul Power, ten times also more.</p>

<p>„Behind we are unable to feel. Because I discovered at that time, not only this Soul Skill needs extremely huge Soul Power to promote to display, in displaying process, will also have the huge consumption to your Spiritual Strength. At that time that situation, you altogether had insisted for 13 seconds. Over 7000 Spiritual Strength have been able to insist for 13 seconds by you. This was too fearful.”</p>

<p>„Generally speaking, this Soul Skill we currently speaking, but also cannot investigate thoroughly its ability by far completely. What your does own have to feel?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin thinks that said: „At that time I thought that the own spiritual world all turned into green-gold, is the same with that Soul Ring color. Then I can see very far place through the own spiritual world. All Plant as if turned into my eye, moreover as if can also to me Localization, transmit me. I even can Control they do any matter. energy that you said returned nurturing to parents me also to feel. So long as my body can withstand, as if has had pure Life to pour into, changes into my Soul Power.”</p>

<p>------------------------------------</p>

<p>Sorry, everybody, today in family a little anxious matter, therefore renewed late.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>