<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="761">#761: Yuan En and Xie Xie Hundred Year is good to gather</h2>
<p>All, in that flicker, like as transient as fleeting clouds that she shakes the head. All, in this moment, such as a handle sharp knife blade drop from the clouds, cut the day to break.</p>

<p>Three years of hiding time, more than 1000 day and night separations, in his heart some, only then she.</p>

<p>Time when he comes back, when he sees her on this Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, she even is actually not willing to uncover the surface for him.</p>

<p>All change into anguished, change severe pain beyond description, fills the air in the heart.</p>

<p>„Elder brother......” side transmits Na'er summon gently, Tang Wulin somewhat stiff turning head looks to her, smiles to her.</p>

<p>Na'er has tarried, she never sees Elder Brother to have such smiling face, is stiff and awkward, but also brings to wipe to despair and desolate. She suddenly thought that the heart of own is good to hurt and be quite sore. Sore is beyond description. She gripped subconsciously tightened his hand.</p>

<p>Brings the bamboo hat, to bring veil, she visits him from afar, he could not see that her eyes already the mist filled the air, he could not see that her long eyelash is shivering gently.</p>

<p>She how wants to lift the own veil, is, she is very clear, own should deserve, then breaks.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>On Train, they were chatting ambition, had broadly like Xie Xie, had ordinary like Xu Xiaoyan, had easily and comfortably like Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>Also there are......</p>

<p>„Marries you.”</p>

<p>Plays the noisy words, as if made her mood obviously low, his first time saw that she was like this desolate, just like autumn dreary.</p>

<p>Did her body, what exactly have? Her ambition, is very perhaps heavy and is very heavy. For those questioned and opposed by all people heavily, but must shoulder walking.</p>

<p>She does not want to injure this crowd of companion, therefore she has chosen with its deceit, was inferior that did not say.</p>

<p>„Everyone has secret, you let alone.”</p>

<p>„Your ambition?”</p>

<p>„Enlistment, I must enlist in the military.”</p>

<p>He must become formidable, at that time can retrieve Aunt Daddy, retrieves Na'er, he looks to out of the window, absent-minded smile.</p>

<p>She as if realized that his facial expression, past, had flashed before to future a moment ago in her at present......</p>

<p>That evening, her hair flutters in the night breeze, the eye pupil no longer is black, but sends out light purple halo.</p>

<p>In the palm the bunch of ray of light beats, wipe dark-purple to jump finally, dodges not to have.</p>

<p>She is beautiful like a riddle of moonlit night, in the eye pupil is deep Tanshui.</p>

<p>The life is a journey, has passenger and scenery along the way.</p>

<p>One day I will get out, but I leave your am the most beautiful memory.</p>

<p>Makes me frame in your mind, wishing me never to extinguish in that scenery.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>In the Sea God lake the Sea God reason, being on intimate terms competition fourth segment had finished, three lived to be predestined friends ended.</p>

<p>May in his heart, the reason of thinking decide three to live actually only to trade shaking the head gently.</p>

<p>The speechless rejection, lets his intention great ash. At this moment, he even only wants quickly to leave here, looks for a place to bury own.</p>

<p>„Good, since No. 17 female student is not willing to choose, we do not force. Because also has last segment, therefore you have not been able to walk temporarily, invited all our female student homing. You formerly chose to be recorded. Then, is our Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting last segment, Hundred Year will be good to gather.”</p>

<p>„According to stipulation, Hundred Year good about this segment above, the authority will reverse, the male student will make the final choice. What if you choose just selected your female students, we will offer the most beautiful blessing, congratulated you to hold hands successfully. When this segment, formerly had chosen the Sea God fairy maidens of male student, the male student who everyone also 30 seconds of time when you select enters the stage to him said words that you want to speak. The male student who especially many female students select, our Sea God fairy maidens may probably try hard to touch your beloved men. What if the male student selects has not chosen your female students, you have one minute of vindicating time. However, I must remind your am, if you elect formerly did not select your female students, the failure probability will be then high. Failure probability of all previous Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting such choice surpasses 80%.”</p>

<p>„Meanwhile, believes that you also know. In this segment, holds hands finally a successful pair, might suffer others' carrying off a girl to be one's wife. Carries off a girl to be one's wife in segment, you can face together, so long as can mount near the Sea God lakeshore smoothly, even if you succeeded.”</p>

<p>„Good, asking everybody to be ready, Hundred Year was good to gather, immediately started.”</p>

<p>„We defer to the ballot to rank as before. What first presence, Xie Xie. Is quite quick, has not thought that has selected directly you. It seems like that we can congratulate ahead of time, but, wants to carry off a girl to be one's wife can also prepare to start.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie looked at people first wickedly, nearby male student cannot bear say: „Relax the brothers, nobody snatches with you. Some courage with Great Titan Ape in the same place, it is estimated that also you. On quick.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie stared his one eyes ill-humoredly, is stimulating to movement the own lotus leaf slowly emersion with joy, arrives at the forefront of male students.</p>

<p>„I choose Yuan En Yehui.” The lotus leaf stop, he could not bear shout.</p>

<p>„Feeds, has not arrived at you to elect.” Lan Muzi cannot bear say with a smile.</p>

<p>Xie Xie sticks out chest, righteous [say / way]: „How I elect her, has no alternative.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui under foot lotus leaf emersion, „selects this disgraced fellow I not to know is right, I only want quickly to leave here now.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie laughs, „, I was your person.” The point of tip of the toe on the lotus leaf, flies is also to the Yuan En Yehui direction plunders gently.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui thinks really a palm of the hand claps him, but held her hand that to flicker in formerly him, she knows that later own impossible to treat him like before.</p>

<p>For these years, he has not always given up, throughout, for she tries hard, won't she be able to see? She has not accepted him, was actually not equal to that she does not pay attention to him.</p>

<p>He has many shortcomings, but actually wins in the special sentiment. He has not had any expression to other female student, he revolves side her every day.</p>

<p>Perhaps what he does not know, his genuine is moved her is not that vindicating, not for her but assiduous cultivate. But when Work Study Student Dormitory, sweeps the floor in front of her every morning, gets trough clear water for her.</p>

<p>She likes visiting him appearance that for she works, that time he was quiet and earnest, moreover in the look was also bringing the light gentleness.</p>

<p>Perhaps is side that that day saw, moved her heartstrings.</p>

<p>In her heart, had already chosen him, but, she has the fear, she feared that he is spur-of-the-moment.</p>

<p>More than 1000 day and night Test, have proven his rigid. Defended Yun Kai to see moon/month Ming, finally hugged the beautiful woman to turn over.</p>

<p>„Good, below I announced that this Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting first to becoming a buddhist get to know successfully, Yuan En Yehui and Xie Xie. Congratulates you. You will receive Sea God Blessing, obtains the congratulation of Academy. Wish your reason to decide three to live, Hundred Year to be good to gather.”</p>

<p>Selects point ray of light from Sea God lakeside take-off of distant place, from the sky blasts out enchanting eye-catching fireworks.</p>

<p>Under the complementing of fireworks, the smiling face and formerly bracelet on Xie Xie face completely vanished, he is pulling both hands of Yuan En Yehui, said in a soft voice: „Yuan En, I will be good to you. Certain meeting. I will protect you with my Life, for you, even if gives up the entire world I also wanting. I like you, I am sincerity, this I only like you for a lifetime.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui visits him dull, his earnest appearance made her heart in slight(ly) was shivering, she somewhat charming lowered the head slightly, „.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie Control does not live in the own emotion again, fierce stretching out the arms hugs into her the bosom. But this time, has not resisted, only then that a pair of encirclement in the arm of his waist.</p>

<p>---------------------</p>

<p>Yes, Wulin, must start!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>