<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="853">#853: Bai to come?</h2>
<p>The miniature radar supplementary heat energy survey, searches to observe to the Life body especially sensitively, is easy-to-use.</p>

<p>After Tang Wulin opening radar, but continues to pour into Soul Power, in mind immediately appear(ance) stereoscopic view within diameter hundred meters range. surroundings is the worn-out factory and equipment. Feels very bleakly.</p>

<p>Said is searching, is relying on the miniature radar, so long as actually walks the factory region, even if completes foundation searching.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin barrel, in the meantime, he marches forward while Control the own Soul Power seal pore and own aura, falls to the ground very dexterously, as far as possible does not send out any sounds/voices.</p>

<p>This collecting rest/breath technique is he in the Devil Island study, from Disillusioned Old Devil there. A infiltrating most important point, must keep the enemy from discovering own. The collecting rest/breath technique of Disillusioned Old Devil is exquisite, not only can restrain own aura, but also is relying on Soul Power and Ruin energy blends mutually, Control, can barrier get down including the own body temperature. Can avoid searching of heat energy detector to observe.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is also studies for the purpose of application now, therefore, even if some people carry on to search to observe with various types of detectors now, is unable to discover that has sealed up own aura and Soul Power completely as well as changed him of body temperature.</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil had told Tang Wulin at that time, Life of human only then one time, no matter, must with own biggest is vigilant facing having the threat of possibility appear(ance). Because, perhaps once the appear(ance) fault, does not have the possibility of regret. Because, the human died.</p>

<p>Regarding the guidance of Old Devil, because there are beforehand all sorts to suffer, Tang Wulin remembered specially clearly. Therefore, he will collect the rest/breath technique to use at this time, simultaneously own also covert personal appearance as far as possible, quietly advance. The miniature radar energy fluctuation on badge was also used Soul Power by him as far as possible conceals.</p>

<p>Collects rest/breath technique Tang Wulin is quickest of middle school of Shrek Seven Monsters, because his Spiritual Strength is strongest, Spirit Abyss Realm Spiritual Strength stage, can complete to collect various Control that the rest/breath technique must well.</p>

<p>Quick, Tang Wulin ended a big region on searching, not any discovery. Perhaps is because the emission qualitative reason, this place does not have including the snakeworm mouse ant. Seriously is a deathly stillness.</p>

<p>„Entre region searching finished, had not discovered.” In the ear communications device transmits Purple One sounds/voices.</p>

<p>„East district searching finished, had not discovered.” Then is Yellow One.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin presses communications device, said: „West district searching finished, had not discovered.”</p>

<p>Yellow Two sounds/voices transmits, „Southern District is in searching.”</p>

<p>Purple One said: „Yellow One and Yellow Three, you to Southern District convergence Yellow Two and Yellow Four, after I goes to the North area to search for the element, converge with you.”</p>

<p>„Yes!”</p>

<p>As Captain, Purple One very natural has undertaken many work loads, in Battle Soul Hall this is regulation(s), everyone can very natural execution.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin marches forward toward Southern District fast, was quick he to rely on Yellow Rank badge Localization equipment to find Yellow Two and Yellow Four two people. Yellow One compared with him first to one step. Agility System Soul Master will be always quicker.</p>

<p>„It looks like, anything does not have!” Yellow One somewhat disappointedly said.</p>

<p>According to the stipulation of this task, needs discover that is task completes, otherwise, can only receive one-third rewards.</p>

<p>Yellow Two shows a faint smile, „hopes that Purple One can take to us the good news.”</p>

<p>„Um.” Tang Wulin nods.</p>

<p>At this time, the face under his mask is slightly frown, although anything had not discovered in beforehand searching, but he actually felt that some are not right. He and Evil Soul Master combat multiple, in addition the sensation is keen, imperceptibly, he can feel that in this workshop has a bewildered constriction, making him very uncomfortable.</p>

<p>time is not long, the form comes together fast, the Tang Wulin four people of subconsciousness make the defensive gesture, simultaneously examined badge.</p>

<p>Is Purple One.</p>

<p>Purple One moves sideways to fall before them, „not any discovery. This piece abandons the factory to be completely empty. The heat energy survey does not have reaction.”</p>

<p>Yellow One said: „We what to do? Bai to come?”</p>

<p>Purple One thinks that said: „Also can only so. Infers from the common sense, Evil Soul Master started such big terrorist attack, should already draw back was far. Will not keep nearby Heaven Dou City. Moreover here also already by military searching a time. Also has not discovered anything.”</p>

<p>Yellow Two helpless light sighed one. Yellow Four has not spoken, Tang Wulin has not spoken.</p>

<p>After Purple One thinking moment, said: „Was good, we remove.” Cannot continue to stay without any discovery here. Carries on the exploration through Battle Member badge is very reliable, the badge miniature radar has not discovered anything, even if they stay here again, same suffices to discover any thing very much difficultly. Only then returned first says again.</p>

<p>„Hum......” in this time, suddenly, a low wail is resounding.</p>

<p>Five people simultaneously reaction comes, toward that weeping sound transmits instantaneously, but the direction looks. In this jet black night, in this worn out factory, hears to have the weeping sound to transmit suddenly, the feeling that immediately after making them be in violation , the fine body hair stands erect all.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is calmest one, on Devil Island, compared with many that this rarely seen matter he saw.</p>

<p>„What person?” Purple One shouted to clear the way fierce at the same time, turned on the own Battle Member badge miniature radar. But what made him be startled, with the miniature radar of his over 300 meters investigation range, has not discovered any Life body existence unexpectedly.</p>

<p>„Hum......” weeping sound as before.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin brow slightly wrinkle, has thought of anything indistinctly.</p>

<p>Four surroundings sudden weeping sounds ring out, as if some countless people in sob. The weeping sound reverberation, the surroundings factory as if becomes is not normal, a time ghost numerous, various equipment that these abandon as if lived, is swinging gently.</p>

<p>„Everybody was careful!” The Purple One sinking sound shouted to clear the way, simultaneously released own Martial Soul. Entire seven Soul Ring raise from his, impressively is Seven Rings Soul Saint level Elite.</p>

<p>Without doubt, Battle Soul Hall when arranges task is very careful, each Battle Member regarding Tang Sect, regarding Battle Soul Hall is most precious. Therefore, although is only a searching group, has provided Battle Armor Master of Seven Rings Soul Saint rank. Seven Rings Soul Saint adds on Two Word Battle Armor, making him be have in the past the ordinary Titled Douluo level strength, can handle facing most dangers easily.</p>

<p>Yellow One, Yellow Two and Yellow Four also respectively released Martial Soul, all was Five Rings cultivates is, Yellow Four fell back on behind, the back to Yellow Two, Yellow One and Tang Wulin in the both sides, Purple One in the front line, take shape a standard cross battlefield.</p>

<p>On Tang Wulin also releases Soul Ring, two yellow, three purple. Five Soul Rings seems with other three Yellow Rank Battle Member does not have what difference.</p>

<p>Camouflage Technique! Or is Soul Ring Camouflage Technique. Comes from Nightmare Douluo.</p>

<p>Soul Master distinguishes the strength most direct method is to look at the Soul Ring quantity and color of opposite party, the different colors represent the different age limits to cultivate are. Meanwhile, Soul Ring is also easiest to expose a Soul Master strong and weak.</p>

<p>In view of this, Nightmare Old Devil taught to Tang Wulin Camouflage Technique, fused, Control through strength of Spiritual Strength and Ruin mutually, the line of sight of distortion person. Or is makes ray of light that his own Soul Ring ray of light refracts have Transformation. Thus changes the Soul Ring color that in other people vision sees.</p>

<p>Although this Camouflage Technique does not have any actual combat function, but actually very practical. Especially after Tang Wulin had Child of Nature that rarely seen green-gold Soul Ring, tenancy of Camouflage Technique also had the effect.</p>

<p>At least he now looks like, is different from ordinary Soul Master.</p>

<p>„Hum......, Hum......, Hum......” weeping sound became even more sad and shrill, listened to make one be afraid in the ear.</p>

<p>-------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>