<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="882">#882: Scarlet Fire Monkey King</h2>
<p>What may make Tang Wulin not think, this, Gu Yue depends on him, when he wants to let she got down the time, she said that anything is not willing, finally, by hugging to be turned into the back grinningly, Gu Yue by him to be carried, went to the forest deep place line.</p>

<p>„I owe you really!” Tang Wulin looks to hang in the own front a pair of arm, cannot bear somewhat funny saying.</p>

<p>Gu Yue collects, has kissed one on his face, „Daddy, I like you.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gawked, will speak, suddenly, in the heart warning sign(s) raises suddenly, subconscious vertical leapt to jump.</p>

<p>tan Shadow dodges to pass from his together, if he also in formerly position, definitely by its hit.</p>

<p>„Who!” Tang Wulin gives a loud shout. But that attacks his direction, has not actually seen any trail.</p>

<p>Both eyes narrow the eyes, on Tang Wulin bursts out cold aura immediately, Blue Silver Grass Vine swarm from the under foot, toward spreads in all directions. Here is forest, for him, simply is his main battlefield.</p>

<p>Strange appear(ance), was startled including Tang Wulin own, after his Blue Silver Grass drills into the ground, immediately felt the own sensation spreads suddenly outward.</p>

<p>He has achieved Spirit Abyss Realm Spiritual Strength to have strong sensation strength, the coverage scope sufficiently over thousand zhang (3.33 m). But that is only the general sensation in thought that but at this moment, when his Blue Silver Grass integrates this piece of forest, he actually discovered that own as if opened a pair of God's Eye, Spiritual Strength can the sensation to the wide scope, all within this range, clear and three-dimensional presents in his mind.</p>

<p>Left front 600 meters away, a personal appearance is gigantic, passes the length of body to have the huge form of brown-red hair, just like the star pill caper is ordinary, High-speed moves unceasingly, but the path of migration, seems centered on him and Gu Yue.</p>

<p>Gu Yue somewhat curious looks at surroundings, appeared from the Tang Wulin shoulder place.</p>

<p>Can see the future, deals naturally to be much easier.</p>

<p>That impressively is Scarlet Fire Monkey, but, this and Scarlet Fire Monkey in Tang Wulin impression is completely different.</p>

<p>In him Soul Beast during the understanding, Scarlet Fire Monkey can be considered as on is low rank Soul Beast, majority are cultivates ten years to Hundred Year is, Hundred Year was considered as on is rare. Even if Hundred Year class Scarlet Fire Monkey, attack is also unitary, is quick except for speed, has beside strong activity ability in forest, does not have what extraordinary place.</p>

<p>But this only Scarlet Fire Monkey is actually entirely different, its body type big ten times has continued compared with normal Scarlet Fire Monkey, the height has exceeded about seven meters, the hair of brown-red is also sending all over the body out the light golden-colored flowing light in the march process, what is most surprising, on its forehead, third eye existence. That is golden-colored sets upright pupil, glittering the monster different brilliance, is looking out the Tang Wulin direction, the pupil light congealing reality, although is away from so numerous woods, but Tang Wulin actually as before can feel that this only sets upright the pupil as if to see own.</p>

<p>Variation? Without doubt, this is Variation Soul Beast. After Tang Wulin sees him, when heart regarding this place also had some suspicions.</p>

<p>Soul Beast has bordered on to exterminate on Douluo Continent! Before then, he contacts Soul Beast most places to have one, that is, Spirit Transferring Pagoda Control Spirit Raising Platform. Imitation once Star Dou Forest Spirit Raising Platform. Was own actually brought in Spirit Raising Platform by Gu Yue inadequate? This really has the possibility, by Gu Yue in the Spirit Transferring Pagoda status, bringing own to enter is not difficulties.</p>

<p>Spirit Raising Platform?</p>

<p>In he is surprised time, that only Variation Scarlet Fire Monkey King rapidly flushed in their directions. As if was feels Tang Wulin to his observation, Scarlet Fire Monkey King is only the personal appearance dodges, fled high to a big tree above, step on of both feet on the big tree, just like the flaming-red advantage arrow, dashed to together, but.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, in eye pupil glittering bone-chilling cold cold brightness. Shrek Academy brings forth the disaster suddenly, in his heart is despondent. Suddenly has enemy appear(ance), his innermost feelings are constraining mood, immediately just like blowout general eruption.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, hold me tight.” Tang Wulin drinks one lowly.</p>

<p>Gu Yue hurries to embrace tightly his neck, the a pair of longleg also tight disturbance in his waist, Tang Wulin own Qi and Blood fluctuation suddenly greatly Sheng, the both arms launch to the body, a pair of Golden Dragon Claw simultaneously releases.</p>

<p>After his within the body completes two circulation vortex, Tang Wulin discovered that own strength of Martial Soul and bloodline could simultaneously existence, completely not need to cut, but can really a genuine fight.</p>

<p>Innumerable Blue Silver Emperor swarm from the ground, was together ordinary just like blue silver forest, has blocked the Scarlet Fire Monkey King way.</p>

<p>That Scarlet Fire Monkey King is quite maneating, both arms open, the whole body is burning the [gold/metal] red roaring flame, hit actually to Blue Silver Emperor.</p>

<p>Blue Silver Emperor after is Plant System Martial Soul, was swung in abundance under its hit, is having the unprecedented imposing manner, it arrived in front of Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Has not thrown directly, that Scarlet Fire Monkey King armpit are suddenly many a pair of wing, making it should under the potential of throwing from the sky to stop.</p>

<p>Tactic? This is Soul Beast unexpectedly intelligent in this way?</p>

<p>Do not despise this instantaneous stop, lets the match completely miscalculation sufficiently its attack path, at the same time, its that third eye has shone. The powerful spiritual fluctuation comes just like tide immediately generally, is not the direct collision, but is one type the spiritual pressure that from transmits in all directions, is centered on the body of Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Raising” Tang Wulin raises head to roar, huge Golden-colored Dragon Head covers the whole body, impressively Golden Dragon Roars.</p>

<p>Scarlet Fire Monkey King body in airborne one stiff, its powerful spiritual assault in Golden Dragon Roars is bringing under Spiritual Strength fluctuation immediately the counter- volume.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, in its golden-colored angry look, together [gold/metal] lightning flash, but, having the blazing high temperature almost to pass through the air of surroundings distortion, arrived at the Tang Wulin front instantaneously.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, under his Innate Body is also flies high throws, a pair of Sharp Claws stretches out, simultaneously covers toward Tang Wulin under.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin right hand Golden Dragon Claw leaves, keeps off before the own body outrageously, has blocked that [say / way] dropping from the clouds rays. The blazing feeling transmits instantaneously, formidable energy assault made the strength that tyrannical Tang Wulin body shake shaking unexpectedly.</p>

<p>That Scarlet Fire Monkey King also here flies high, but, a pair of Sharp Claws grasps from the both sides to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Go away!” Tang Wulin shouted angrily, Golden Dragon Ascends The Heavens! Huge Golden Dragon raises from the under foot, collides with that Scarlet Fire Monkey King together.</p>

<p>In the ear-piercing fulmination sound, forest of surroundings big piece falls outward. Scarlet Fire Monkey King also hit flying high flies, retreat that but Tang Wulin staggers unexpectedly two steps came to a stop.</p>

<p>Scarlet Fire Monkey King distant falling above a bough of big tree, in the eye is revealing the surprised uncertain color. Obviously somewhat was frightened by Tang Wulin formidable attack.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin own manic has also restrained several points, this only Scarlet Fire Monkey King unexpectedly is unexpected hard to deal with, not only attack is tyrannical, but also has Spiritual Strength. Meanwhile, its own defense strength also very formidable, own Golden Dragon Ascends The Heavens and its front impact cannot injure to arrive at it unexpectedly, but compels to draw back it, this is not very simple.</p>

<p>Ten-thousand Years Soul Beast! Without a doubt, this is Ten-thousand Years Soul Beast, is not ordinary, is Variation Ten-thousand Years Soul Beast.</p>

<p>The takes a deep breath tone, Tang Wulin returned to normal the own state of mind, he knows that facing such match, own cannot make the mood affect this fight.</p>

<p>Both eyes narrow the eyes, Tang Wulin is staring at Scarlet Fire Monkey King, own imposing manner starts to continue to increase. He has not used Battle Armor, that is the later method. Unless it is absolutely essential he will not start easily.</p>

<p>If this is Spirit Raising Platform, is Intermediate Spirit Raising Platform or is Advanced Spirit Raising Platform in legend is at least right. Otherwise, own will not face such formidable Soul Beast. Preserved strength as far as possible, to face in the future momentarily possible appear(ance) Elite.</p>

<p>Scarlet Fire Monkey King a pair of eye pupil transferred extension, suddenly, its personal appearance dodges, no longer plunges Tang Wulin, but goes toward the distant place rapid escape. Such ran away unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gawked, without doubt, this Scarlet Fire Monkey King is quite only intelligent, after discovering own is not good to cope, chooses unexpectedly escapes immediately.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin own also relaxed, he understands that wants to defeat this only Scarlet Fire Monkey King, own must All-Out to go to is good. Ten-thousand Years Variation Soul Beast, side own also does not have the helper, wants to cope is not that easy.</p>

<p>„Daddy.” The summon sound that the ear hears made fighting intent that Tang Wulin surged upward release immediately. His corners of the mouth twitched, the racket the thigh of Gu Yue, „has been all right, you get down.”</p>

<p>„Good.” Gu Yue some are not willing gets down from Tang Wulin, the appearance that has a lingering fear, „Daddy, a moment ago that was anything! Quite fearful.”</p>

<p>------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>