<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="762">#762: I am the girl of trying to outdo others</h2>
<p>The applause such as slating resounds on the shore and level of the lake, appear(ance) of first to lover, making all people cheer for them.</p>

<p>The eye socket of Xie Xie was red, for this day, he waited to be too long and be too long. He is how is not easy to wait till arrival of this day!</p>

<p>Applause that Tang Wulin also makes an effort, on his face has been full of the smiling face, congratulates you, Yuan En and Xie Xie, congratulate you.</p>

<p>The fireworks diverges, Xie Xie and lotus leaf of Yuan En Yehui under foot turned into golden-colored, delivers them to go to the shore. Has not carried off a girl to be one's wife, only then blessed.</p>

<p>They disembark, has not actually departed, with them stands, just replaced has tried Xu Lizhi and Ye Xinglan of clothes.</p>

<p>„Sorry, Sister Xinglan. Is I am not good, we have not seen the fireworks.” A Xu Lizhi face apologetic looks at Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan is holding his fat hand, one like childhood such.</p>

<p>„Here fireworks are too few, I must be more, you buy for me.”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi excited [say / way]: „Good! I buy certainly the Shrek City best fireworks, only blooms for you.”</p>

<p>„Disgustingly don't be good.” Xie Xie cannot bear tease.</p>

<p>„Who can be disgusting than you!” Xu Lizhi stared his one eyes.</p>

<p>In this time, on the Sea God lake level of the lake is transmitting Lan Muzi sounds/voices, „next, Tang Wulin.”</p>

<p>Hears these six characters, four people become are suddenly peaceful, their vision could not bear go to the level of the lake, subconscious, all gripped tightened the fist.</p>

<p>Captain!</p>

<p>Captain came back, they also without enough time cheer for him. But they are very clear then regarding him and her, will be what kind important.</p>

<p>„Why doesn't she uncover the surface? Moreover she has not chosen Captain , because is jealous?” Xu Lizhi cannot bear say.</p>

<p>Xie Xie shakes the head, the brow is tight, „, should not be jealous that simple. Gu Yue character haven't you understood? If she wants to obtain anything, she will not hesitate all strives, like initially she just came the time, will always sit by Boss, even when we fold the hand, she also always chooses to place under the palm of Boss. They had certainly anything, occurred matter that some we did not know, even I suspected that Boss is missing for a long time also Transformation with them is so related.”</p>

<p>„Some of I also such feelings, if they cannot retrieve on Blind Date General Meeting today each other, perhaps......” Yuan En Yehui sighed, but this was actually not they desired.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not thought second will pull out own, the lotus leaf of under foot naturally drifts about forward, arrived at the male students front.</p>

<p>On face because of Xie Xie and Yuan En Yehui, but the appear(ance) smiling face has restrained, stands on the lotus leaf, his back supports as before straightly.</p>

<p>He was 18 years old, he has grown up. As a man, what matter regardless of comes across, he will not make own perish in light of this.</p>

<p>Even if in the heart extremely the ache, he also as before must a man such stand likely. Spiritless forever is unable to solve the problem, cannot obtain to sympathize.</p>

<p>„Just had chosen Wulin altogether three female students, then, then, asked these three female students to say your aspirations to him separately, made final striving. We decide your vindicating orders by ballot way (of life). Yinmeng, you come.”</p>

<p>Tang Yinmeng has extracted a first name, „Wu Siduo.”</p>

<p>Wu Siduo gains ground, is looking out float Tang Wulin on level of the lake, at this moment, she suddenly had some confidence, because, Gu Yue has not uncovered the surface, has not elected him.</p>

<p>More than three years of time does not see, they already thorough being cut off? Perhaps then, own also has an opportunity.</p>

<p>She looked at Dragon Spear Goddess Na'er, she truly compared with the own beautiful, but had never heard she and he have anything to occur together. Moreover, she is only 16 years old.</p>

<p>„Wulin, long time no see. Chooses you on this Blind Date General Meeting, is I passes through to think. Or if your appear(ance), perhaps my choice will not be different. But you came. Pays attention to you are when we just tested into Shrek Academy in the past. Just started that little while, said honestly that my point could not have a liking for you. I thought that you just rely on luckily were becoming Shrek, such you, why can also become Class Leader of our class?”</p>

<p>„But, afterward you used the motion of own to prove, you have that qualifications. Every day looks that you grow step by step, my confidence starts to vacillate, when I lose to you time and time again, your form continually is also deepening in my heart.”</p>

<p>„I am girl of trying to outdo others, from infancy to maturity, my anything must achieve well. Any thing must be best. In my eyes, you are best. Only then you can let my heart movement. I will not speak any talk between lovers, I can only say that I will accompany you to walk is farther.”</p>

<p>These words are not touching, but actually absolutely proceeds from the bottom of one's heart. Distant place shore, Luo Guixing and Xu Yucheng wet standing there, they look at each other to smile bitterly.</p>

<p>Yes, they had already guessed correctly she chooses his reason, because he is best.</p>

<p>„What Wulin had to say?” Lan Muzi asked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sighed one lightly, „was sorry very much, Wu Siduo. Love and strength not absolute relations. In my heart, we are only classmate(s). Sorry, person who I had liking.”</p>

<p>Wu Siduo takes a deep breath tone, „she?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin eyes suddenly Great Release of Rays of Light, [say / way] without hesitation: „Yes.”</p>

<p>Wu Siduo nodded, she has smiled suddenly, „elects you, I did not regret. Because you are best, even if treats sentimental, you are also. Loses to her, I recognized.”</p>

<p>Spoke these words, she jumps leaps, has not come ashore directly, but plunges into the water. Like formerly Luo Guixing and Xu Yucheng such, submerged in the water to vanish does not see.</p>

<p>Gazes after her to leave, in the Tang Wulin eye has the apology, but, he can only this.</p>

<p>Lan Muzi sighed, „was a pity very much, then, next was.”</p>

<p>„Dai Yun'er!” Tang Yinmeng said this name.</p>

<p>The lotus leaf of Dai Yun'er drifts about, her look is somewhat desolate, when Tang Wulin said is that two characters, she understands, he said was not own.</p>

<p>„Third Brother, does not see for a long time, I asked you to be so long, finally met on this Blind Date General Meeting again. Do you know? Just I saw your time I was happy. More than three years, you should also just come back, finally with you in the together person should be I. Did you forget in Dragon Valley our mutual help to arrive at the Dragon Valley deep place step by step? If not you, will not have present me, in my heart, you are I have recognized the man. Even if you do not elect me, this point never will also change. I like you, is not because you are best , because you are you. I like you.”</p>

<p>Looks on Dai Yun'er pretty face is flowing the tears, Tang Wulin sighs one lightly, „Yun'er, sorry. You should know that in my heart already already some people. I cannot, is unable such to do. My heart many years ago had been packed by her. I can only say that you came late. I like you, although you are proud Little Princess, but your natural disposition is good. You is a good miss, what a pity, I can only say when hates not to meet by chance has not married. I do not have the means to branch out the same place the heart of own again, I can only , when you are Younger Sister, is the friend, actually cannot be Lover.”</p>

<p>Dai Yun'er visits him dull, listening to his persuasive rejection, the corners of the mouth place to have anguished. She does not have to open the mouth again, but has not given up like Wu Siduo, standing that but insists on lotus leaf, not having the choice to leave.</p>

<p>„, Last, is so invited our Dragon Spear Goddess. Na'er, this you.”</p>

<p>Falls with the Tang Yinmeng voice, on the entire Sea God lake level of the lake also has in the lakeside, is peaceful.</p>

<p>On Sky is the light of star moon/month, under the starry sky is the wave light on Sea God lake level of the lake is clear, is shining upon her that silver-haired purple eyes beautiful form, arrives at side Dai Yun'er slowly.</p>

<p>Her look was somewhat crazy, her pupil light ripples.</p>

<p>She looks at his vision, is not Younger Sister looks to the elder brother.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes slightly, he felt the difference of her vision.</p>

<p>„Elder brother!” Na'er summoned one gently.</p>

<p>„Na'er, you......” Tang Wulin brow slightly pressed.</p>

<p>Na'er shows a faint smile, „does elder brother, you know? When my three years old, you gave shelter to me in the past at that moment, I have liked on you. For me, you used and not strong strong body have blocked these unprincipled people. You are incessantly good, you are braver.”</p>

<p>„You compare general person of same age to want strong many, six -year-old time, your Martial Soul Awakening, is Blue Silver Grass. Recognition waste Martial Soul, unfortunately lucky, you appear(ance) in Martial Soul Awakening Soul Power. Your ambition is becomes Soul Master, at that time you have not been able to think Battle Armor Master, therefore, you said that you want to control Mecha.”</p>

<p>---------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>