<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="769">#769: Silver Dragon scales</h2>
<p>„I can also visit her to like you. Why does she want bewildered departure?” [Say / Way] that Xu Mi'er lets somebody cool off or calm down: „Nothing but is you are unable to take to her the security sense. You are not very formidable! Although Shrek Academy is strong, but Academy is neutral, what formidable enemy she has certainly to need to face, is actually not willing to implicate you to walk, I guess is right?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gawked staring, let alone, Xu Mi'er guesses as if also really almost.</p>

<p>„Since because of this, that is your issue, who makes you not very formidable? To retrieve her, first you must become formidable are good, otherwise, even if looks, she also same returns, will compel to have no other choice but also to walk. Small and weak must bear such pain. When you are formidable enough, who can also rob your Lover in this world?”</p>

<p>Xu Mi'er sounds/voices is very strong, even has been full of the satire, but is actually similar to a steelyard weight, pounding maliciously in the Tang Wulin heart.</p>

<p>Yes! Why will she walk? Is because own is not very formidable!</p>

<p>„But Na'er......”</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that Xu Mi'er disdains: „Na'er? You have the matter she not to have the matter, a Two Word Battle Armor Master strength don't you know? You? On that day I saw you am Four Rings, was worried that this was worried that was useful. On your this morality moral character, besides is much longer selects, has no merit to speak of simply, silver type wax spear head. Does not understand really why that many female students will like you.”</p>

<p>„Cannot you say him like this.” Dai Yun'er glowers to Xu Mi'er.</p>

<p>Xu Mi'er sincere [say / way]: „Silly thing, looks for the man, you who wants the man to protect were first good. His, gives for nothing me not to want. Walked.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, as soon as she pats Long Yue, turns around to walk.</p>

<p>Long Yue to Tang Wulin many sympathies, not having listened to Xu Mi'er to upbraid Tang Wulin, has not had an intense sense of joy on own initiative.</p>

<p>Yesterday after being on intimate terms conclusion of Tang Wulin and Gu Yue, he has chosen Xu Mi'er finally, does not dare to believe including his own some, after all, he and Xu Mi'er just knew!</p>

<p>However, he more and more thought now that the choice of own is correct. Xu Mi'er this miss character is frank, advocates strength. But own are most, isn't strength? He likes Xu Mi'er this surface crabby in fact innermost feelings having the miss in exquisite place very much.</p>

<p>„Mi'er, waits for me.” The Long Yue half step pursued.</p>

<p>„Mi'er, did you know Tang Wulin before?” Long Yue asked.</p>

<p>Xu Mi'er shot a look at his one eyes, „does not know! Why I must know this type of soft egg. The present woman, is face controls, the face is much longer is useful. I am the pragmatism, you grow, although ugly, but the good and evil is solid.”</p>

<p>The Long Yue expression is instantaneous, „you praise me?”</p>

<p>Xu Mi'er stared his one eyes, „of course! You think.”</p>

<p>The Long Yue forced smile said: Matter that „you should hear me. Shrek Seven Monsters defeats our matters in Star Luo Empire entire Great Continental Youth's Advanced Soul Master Elite Competition.”</p>

<p>Xu Mi'er nodded, „has heard. I also thought somewhat exaggeratingly, but yesterday and you hit one to come to see. Gu Yue they truly are some skills.”</p>

<p>Long Yue said: „At that time led is not Gu Yue.”</p>

<p>Xu Mi'er has gawked, „? What interests haven't I to these matter, been Gu Yue am who?” Her also really not clear these, as Inner Court disciple, she every so often are close up are studying own Soul Guidance Device.</p>

<p>„Was you just scolded of soft egg. Initially my Six Rings, Two Word Battle Armor Master. He and Gu Yue One Word Battle Armor Master is not, is Four Rings, their joint effort, has defeated me. Although I am not willing to acknowledge very much, but I must say that Tang Wulin is not the soft egg, he is very strong. Although he seems Four Rings, but, Seven Rings I have been able to feel the threat from him as before.”</p>

<p>„?”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Dai Yun'er somewhat anxious said to Tang Wulin: „Do not listen her, she definitely does not know that you had formidable say.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is smiling bitterly shaking the head, „she said also right. In the final analysis, is I am weak, I cannot protect them. Therefore they left me. Am I failed very much?”</p>

<p>Dai Yun'er holds his arm, „do not think, even if they walked, at least your side also has me, I will not walk. So long as you want, I have remained to accompany you.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head, „Yun'er, you is a good miss. However, on that day I said clearly on Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, could not accommodate the second individual in my heart, now is not at least good. But you could rest assured that I not because this matter perishes. I have many and a lot to do. They walked, I look for them. Xu Mi'er Senior Sister said right, they have the enough strong strength, in the normal condition protects own not to have the issue certainly, the one who has the issue is I, I was too small and weak. I must promote the own strength to be good as soon as possible. When my strength is enough, certainly will look for them.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin character always tenacity, particularly when facing difficulties.</p>

<p>This time to his attack was really too big, just came back, the most important two people actually left him to go, but the Xu Mi'er words made him awaken, although in heart as before ache, but he actually very clear was telling own, whatever, the promotion strength was first is important.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin stands up, „Yun'er, I must go to that side Inner Court. I will buoy up. No matter, when I you is a friend, even is Younger Sister. However, we really possibly are not Lover. Sorry.”</p>

<p>Spoke these words, Tang Wulin starting to walk stride, directly soars the Inner Court direction to go. He does not want to injure a miss again, but the words actually must talk clearly, otherwise, will only cause many misunderstanding.</p>

<p>Stands there, Dai Yun'er visits him to leave dull, in a time heart five senses mixed Chen.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Dormitory has assigned, of course not on Sea God Island. Departure of Na'er, making Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming be furious, although has not punished to Tang Wulin anything eventually, but his any will not give favored treatment.</p>

<p>The Inner Court main classroom building is big, the following Dormitory area is broad, the Inner Court disciple quantity little must be more than Outer Court, therefore, here has not been filled up with, each person room.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin returns to the own room, 2-3 take off the clothes, entered the bathroom directly.</p>

<p>several days has not taken a bath, he must clean the body of own, rests well, then starts the All-Out promotion strength.</p>

<p>Since could not find them, first promotion own diligently, making own more formidable, when they come back. Tang Wulin deeply believed that Na'er and Gu Yue will certainly come back, after or he was formidable, asks them to come back.</p>

<p>Blind seeking any objection, Xu Mi'er has not said right, he is insufficiently formidable, has caused all these.</p>

<p>The goal in heart reappears once more, strength of person was too tiny, he needs, is more formidable strength.</p>

<p>Opens water Dragon's Head of bathroom, when Tang Wulin prepares to flush the body of own, he actually with amazement discovered that on the own neck, does not know were when many a necklace.</p>

<p>Before during several days has been, anxious, pain, to rebuke oneself anxiously. He has not discovered unexpectedly on own was unexpectedly many same thing.</p>

<p>The necklace is a careful silver chain, under this silver chain, is hanging pendant, oval pendant, that unexpectedly is together exquisite scales, only then the pigeon egg size, Can silver, above has a close pattern layer upon layer all over the body. This clearly is together silver scales! Moreover, by understanding of Tang Wulin regarding own bloodline and Dragon Clan aura in Dragon Valley, this clearly is together dragon scales, silver dragon scales.</p>

<p>Silver Dragon scales! This and are this Gu Yue leave my?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin careful picks scales, some look delay, slightly why do not know, is touching this piece of scales, he really has Gu Yue in the present feeling.</p>

<p>Approaches carefully to look at present that will discover, scales is in itself not the pure ellipse, one side is oval, another side receives upwardly, the whole looks like, somewhat is similar to a small shield. The above altogether four patterns, layer upon layer covered to fold have felt the stereoscopic effect. Rear the pattern all upwardly bends, but slightly has the ray to shine on this scales, ray of light that this projects will present the three-dimensional shape.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious rotation scales, making the reflection ray of light fall on the wall, unexpectedly take shape small dragon-shaped, extremely strange.</p>

<p>Gu Yue loves my, she has no other choice but to leave.</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin eye moved removes gradually, what replaces it is a firmness.</p>

<p>In Love, most was worried that is the opposite party does not love own. When Tang Wulin sees this scales, he understood finally firmly.</p>

<p>-----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>