<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="827">#827: Enters</h2>
<p>This process, cannot describe in the spoken language completely. However, he arrived at shore finally, finally came.</p>

<p>Lies there, whatever the sea water is washing out the body of own, wipes the light smile to reappear on the Tang Wulin face.</p>

<p>Ate these many, to receive these many crimes painstakingly, finally succeeded?</p>

<p>He lies there is motionless, hides own Soul Power completely originally. He is common just like the sea turtle, the dispelling sand quietly, buries own. Control the temperature of own body.</p>

<p>Only by doing so, can as far as possible not by the radar discovery of North Sea Corps. He needs to rest, at least now he moves does not move.</p>

<p>The breath is gradually even, is adjusting the Qi and Blood fluctuation of own.</p>

<p>Since arriving at Devil Island, like the peaceful time also is really very rare. Tang Wulin completely understands now initially the Old Cai expression so will be why strange. This Devil Island, but also was controlled by devil(s) really! Moreover, said according to Nightmare Old Devil that the present situation was different, can they even live are going back not to say.</p>

<p>If from just came to here, although Tang Wulin does not know explicit time, but should also in the past have about three months. Then three months, he suffered Life and Death cannot. Even if military training is normal, that other more than one year time this did pass? What thing will behind have to wait for them?</p>

<p>Sighed one darkly, Tang Wulin relaxes the body, was restoring the physical ability slowly. Three months, his food has not even eaten. Even if this time can steal aircraft to go back, Nightmare Old Devil will let off own and companion, obviously is not easy.</p>

<p>Ok, does not manage, whatever, can guarantee that the companion safe moment, has the First-tier vitality. At least now own can cross the sea by integration of Ruin aura. This coming , he not only to steal aircraft, what is more important, he wants the circuit that found one to go back. Once there is an opportunity to rescue companion, he can lead everybody, returns to Federation.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin once has also thought must return to Academy to request reinforcements, is, he is very clear, this is not realistic. If with Soul Guide Communicator, what reaction Academy aspect did not say first that by Nightmare Old Devil that strange ability, he can know? Tang Wulin does not dare to bet, once because lost was beyond redemption! He does not hope to see companion self- Ruin in the pain.</p>

<p>Rested a double-hour, the Tang Wulin body condition gradually has adjusted. But here after is not Devil Island, does not have that rich Life strength. Therefore, his physical ability restores almost, first feels is the intense sense of hunger.</p>

<p>Early knows that grasped Sea Soul Beast a moment ago, even if eats raw fish fillet, can supplement some physical abilities!</p>

<p>Gains ground slightly, quietly looks toward the defense belt of distant place. On the weighty tall wall, searchlight light often flashes through, at this time just in the evening, taking advantage of the light can on the clear seeing protective belt that steel and iron forest piece by piece.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not doubt, this degree of defense, even if Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast dares to initiate assault, will be ripped fragment(s) in short time. Humanity Soul Guidance Technology, already was not Soul Beast can resist.</p>

<p>Also because of the High-speed development of Soul Guidance Technology, status of Soul Master on Continent was inferior that now beforehand is so lofty.</p>

<p>It is not good, cannot rush hardly, own does not have an opportunity. Does not ascend the sky good, does that enter?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin before coming to have the plan, he has a pair of formidable Golden Dragon Claw, supplements shredding and crushing special effect separately, digs a hole this matter should not to calculate too difficulties. By him understanding to Humanity Soul Guidance Technology, even if underground, perhaps also same has defense or surveys equipment. It is not good, below was discovered will be more troublesome.</p>

<p>But must try, walks from below always compares directly faces the terrifying Soul Guide Cannon hot storm to be much stronger from above.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin both hands release Golden Dragon Claw slowly, starts to the under fluctuation silt, making the body of own sink gradually.</p>

<p>Has saying that Mountain Dragon King Torso Bone to his help is very big, this does not know that is any grade Soul Bone, not only made him have control of gravity ability, the enormous degree strengthened his defense, made him have high compatible to Earth Element.</p>

<p>The body of Tang Wulin sinks slowly, soil becomes under the aura influence of Mountain Dragon King Torso Bone soft, is relying on a pair of sharp Golden Dragon Claw, he penetrated quickly underground.</p>

<p>Underground somewhat will be unavoidably worried, but the Tang Wulin physical quality made him definitely to neglect these. Golden Dragon King bloodline nature circulation, provides to his huge energy, in addition his strong strength. Quick, he went down to the bottom deep place.</p>

<p>Ten minutes of time, he has passed through the sandy soil level, entered the lithosphere. Facing the rock, the Tang Wulin movement was instead quicker, the possibility that because the rock at least has not caved , cannot like in facing the sandy soil level, but must depend upon Mountain Dragon King Torso Bone strength to go to the stable surroundings broken place.</p>

<p>This passageway Tang Wulin may, not only prepares with one time, in the future he will also plan to rely on this passageway to lead companion to escape. Therefore in the process of excavation, he is careful. Has not developed in the North Sea Corps direction eagerly, but downward deep cutting as far as possible.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, the tunnel is deeper, discovered possibly is smaller.</p>

<p>One hour passes by, relies on the formidable physical quality, Tang Wulin was penetrating the underground hundred meters. He also had faced in this period many difficult problems, for example ground water.</p>

<p>Ground water appear(ance), making him have to crosswise change passageway first, seeks not to have the ground water place to continue again downward. This process without doubt is difficult and tortuous. But luckily, he succeeded.</p>

<p>The underground hundred meters, the thick lithosphere is all best mask, will not always be discovered.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin keeps off in road that own digs out, slightly somewhat rapid is panting for breath. Here air is thin, can take to bring in the air that to be few from outside. Also average person, already already suffocation. But he now as far as possible in makes own transfer breathes, this can support.</p>

<p>Judged own probably the location position, Tang Wulin started the crosswise excavation at this time, the rock in front of Golden Dragon Claw crushing and shredding two big special effect, did not have much difference with the bean curd. The Tang Wulin powerful both arms are absolutely easier-to-use than any excavator, the body rapid traverse, drills in the North Sea Corps direction.</p>

<p>Generally speaking, military's below searching regarding ground observes way (of life) to have several types, most important is Seismometer. Right, is Seismometer.</p>

<p>Because under the ground has any Transformation, will produce exceptionally vibrates, these vibrations meet the take shape ripple, once were investigated by Seismometer, can the first time take shape data. When fluctuates is strong, the data that the survey obtains can also along with it to become strong.</p>

<p>Seismometer even can survey underground dozens kilometers Transformation. But it also has an issue, that can only survey relatively the big fluctuation.</p>

<p>Next is Soul Power Detector. Through under searching of Soul Power fluctuation to the ground observes to seek for suspicious existence. The Soul Power Detector searching range does not have Seismometer to be so big obviously, can only have the function in the underground 500 meters. But its survey be slighter than Seismometer, so long as is slightly intense a point the Soul Power fluctuation to feed back.</p>

<p>These two types of Detector complement one another, constituted to the effective monitoring of underground world.</p>

<p>Like Tang Wulin, in does not use any Soul Guidance machinery, does not use Soul Power, pure relies on the body intensity to the situation of underground excavation is being very rare. Even if Titled Douluo stage Elite, only if Innate Body Sect that body cultivates, is very difficult to achieve this point. But in fact, even if the science and technology is advanced, impossible to prevent accidents before they occur all.</p>

  </body>
</html>