<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="838">#838: rarely seen companion</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin dumbfounded looks at Little Fatty in picture, has not thought really that he is an idealist.</p>

<p>False Ye Xinglan cold snort, „can we live are leaving cannot reach an agreement, you also think that many do do? Isn't your aspect good?”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi fierce gaining ground, the vision suddenly becomes sharp, „you are not Sister Xinglan, Sister Xinglan has been protecting from infancy to maturity me, words that will not always say this injuring my self-respect. You are not she!”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he body, he actually had not then moved in first time, looks that front has removed completely the light false Ye Xinglan, stayed, said: „Sister Xinglan , if not wear the clothes, is such?” Then he has swallowed saliva. Then a palm of the hand claps.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shot a look at one to stand in own *@ Old Devil, the *@ Old Devil expression was somewhat ugly at this time.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious looks to another side, looks to the Ye Xinglan location picture.</p>

<p>Really with is the same, Ye Xinglan willpower strength that he thinks absolutely strong . Moreover, she also similarly very much understands Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>A sword pierces the chest of false Xu Lizhi, the [say / way] that Ye Xinglan lets somebody cool off or calm down: „The Lizhi courage is so small, how possibly dares to do this matter to me. Let alone, his innermost feelings are pure, will not produce unable to live is leaving first has the relational with me the thought.”</p>

<p>Five, five people have been separated from own Control unexpectedly. *@ Old Devil is the willow eyebrows but is actually at this time vertical, both hands fork waist, a resentfulness of face.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious looks to the Xu Xiaoyan location picture.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan as if has been unable to restrain oneself at this time, is bending down in the false Le Zhengyu bosom.</p>

<p>False Le Zhengyu supple sound track: „Xiaoyan, I love you. Although I do not know that can lead you to live is leaving here, but I am willing to give you all my. I am not the dandy, are you willing to become my first woman?”</p>

<p>The Xu Xiaoyan tender body trembles lightly, „I want, but, I a little feared that I have not prepared. Can Zhengyu, give me to select time again?”</p>

<p>False Le Zhengyu said in a soft voice: „What do you also need time to ponder? I am willing for your Sacrifice all, to use my talent Sacrifice for you, is also not enough to prove me to your love? Even if dies for you, I am also willing. Xiaoyan, I love you.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, false Le Zhengyu lowered the head to the Xu Xiaoyan lip kisses.</p>

<p>Suddenly, Xu Xiaoyan look one cold, body starlight dodges, false Le Zhengyu could not move.</p>

<p>„You radically are not Zhengyu, Zhengyu will not bestow favor to coerce. Who are you?” The Xu Xiaoyan anger sound said.</p>

<p>False Le Zhengyu just about to opens the mouth, Xu Xiaoyan a palm of the hand has pulled out. Then his body came to naught to vanish.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin look somewhat strange looks to *@ Old Devil, „you were defeated, because you also insufficiently understand us.”</p>

<p>The breath of *@ Old Devil somewhat is obviously rapid, „and is not I insufficiently understands you, but is my own was mentally confused. Comes under the influences of your front several people, behind was somewhat irritable. Damn, really damn. How can make you affect my mood. Luckily, is successful!”</p>

<p>Speaking of the last few words time, she has smiled suddenly, her smiling face was very beautiful, but Tang Wulin actually moral nature one cold.</p>

<p>Last picture, Le Zhengyu has fallen down false Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>The picture starts becomes fuzzy, Tang Wulin cannot see clearly process, but can actually hear sounds/voices indistinctly.</p>

<p>Zhengyu he......</p>

<p>Seven people, six people in * have not fallen to the enemy, this without doubt is very pleasantly surprised result. However, so long as there is a person to fall to the enemy, Tang Wulin as before felt that was not wonderful.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil somewhat self-satisfied looks to Tang Wulin, „wants to know very much that what the consequence of falling to the enemy is?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin heart one tight, gets angry: „Do you want to do?”</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil smiles, „you waited to look know.”</p>

<p>Long time, Le Zhengyu satisfied sends out comfortable sounds/voices, „Xiaoyan, I love you. You could rest assured that I will certainly be responsible for you, regardless of space underground, you where, I where.”</p>

<p>„Are you willing to be responsible for me really?”</p>

<p>The picture becomes clear, Le Zhengyu and Xu Xiaoyan have worn the clothes, when Xu Xiaoyan said these words, her sounds/voices started Transformation, from originally delightful started interestingly to listen to becomes rough hoarse, coarse such as the crow sounded.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu saw in consternation that front Xu Xiaoyan starts becomes illusory, gradually, turned into an old woman appearance of last years of life.</p>

<p>In the old woman mouth sends out „quack” smiles strangely, „the body of young people, but also is really good. The bustling place builds up the heart, * boundless, hello, I am *@ Old Devil. Do you also love me?”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu dumbfounded looks at front old woman, a complexion azure, red, suddenly, he „”, spouts fresh blood, raises head but actually.</p>

<p>„!” Tang Wulin *@ Old Devil hit a sound to refer, „then right, this was the effect that I wanted.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin angry [say / way]: „You......”</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil has turned around, smiling visits him, „* boundless, has * is not the misdemeanor. The time understood restrains own *, when * the release must maintain a sobriety, the human could not control own, was selected the crime is also not anything. Your luck is good, otherwise, you are the same with him.”</p>

<p>Then, pink Light and Shadow dodges, Tang Wulin front *@ Old Devil and that six Light and Shadow all vanished without the trace.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil, this is fifth Old Devil.</p>

<p>Zhengyu he......</p>

<p>Thinks of the Le Zhengyu bitter experience, in the Tang Wulin heart intermittent icy aura. Le Zhengyu does not know with him what has relations are only a illusion, but will regard the old woman shape *@ Old Devil. This for him, the attack was really too big. Has traded own, perhaps will not compare him to be good many.</p>

<p>It can be said that Le Zhengyu willpower isn't firm? Tang Wulin thinks cannot. Because his own does not have Control to live. Only can say stopping at nothing that Le Zhengyu loves. But Ye Xinglan, Xu Lizhi, Yuan En Yehui and Xie Xie they can avoid this issue, because mainly their these two pairs of relations are quite relatively special.</p>

<p>But Xu Xiaoyan is the luck is good, is just because *@ Old Devil was sad at that time, has not controlled good false Le Zhengyu and her dialog, this made her hold the flaw.</p>

<p>But Le Zhengyu was miserable, this attack is not really small. Does not know after him, how to face. Has traded Tang Wulin own in any case, he thought that perhaps is faces very much difficultly. The bustling place builds up the heart, is the bustling place builds up the heart really! Zhengyu, you may probably shoulder!</p>

<p>Without a doubt, *@ Old Devil is impossible to make him see Le Zhengyu, naturally is unable to tell the truth of Le Zhengyu matter. He was just the psychosexuality Xu Xiaoyan, not in fact made anything. But on the sense organ, just all was really too real. Tang Wulin still clearly remembers, own pinches the own thigh time is very sore.</p>

<p>Light and Shadow Transformation, surroundings all become twist. Tang Wulin returned just to enter the valley place.</p>

<p>Has a look at surroundings, does not have other people, here only then his own.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin of course does not think that these Old Devil like this will let off him, what then can be?</p>

<p>In this time, „thump” sounds/voices resounds, as if has any behemoth to walk in his direction.</p>

<p>„Young people, you passed.” Vigorous sounds/voices paces back and forth in the Tang Wulin ear. In the woods, goes out of a personal appearance huge old man.</p>

<p>Truly must with be able to describe him huge, this old man height exceeds three meters, the body is quite plump. Because although is old, skin already appear(ance) big piece fold, but his appearance looked like appears compared with formerly that several Old Devil young. of course, young woman edition *@ Old Devil not.</p>

<p>Went through a strategic pass?</p>

<p>------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>