<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="861">#861: secret?</h2>
<p>Looks that Mu Ye brought Tang Wulin to enter the kitchen, on the Zang Xin face has revealed a smile, „some Innate Body Sect people have straightened out finally . Moreover the luck was good.”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said with a smile: „I am also very accidental, has not thought that Tang Sect so regards as important to Wulin. Said honestly that this child I also favors. I listened to Mu Chen saying that he already soon close Saint Craftsman stage. This time, I estimated that he must consult the knowledge in this aspect to me.”</p>

<p>„Saint Craftsman? He how old?” Xu Shengqun surprised saying.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua proud [say / way]: „This child is advantageous. If Continent will again certainly leave one to be able in the future Heavenly Refinement Blacksmith, then, belongs to him.”</p>

<p>What does Heavenly Refinement mean? People is clear. Zhen Hua is boasted embarrassed Divine Craftsman said.</p>

<p>Tang Liyue and Zhu Xuan look at each other one, two female eyeground deep places have ray of light to flash through.</p>

<p>Appearance that Zang Xin always smiling, „Tang Sect to his attaching great importance, will only imagine you are bigger. Therefore, please trouble everybody, do not have his idea.”</p>

<p>His saying of course was not to Zhen Hua said that Blacksmith Association and Soul Master itself did not have what conflict place, but complemented one another. But was actually not true as Spirit Transferring Pagoda and War God Temple.</p>

<p>Tang Liyue said with a smile: „Senior Zang, you cannot doting parent! Our War God Temple is always not exclusive. He is Tang Sect Disciples, can join War God Temple is the Federation potency.”</p>

<p>Zang Xin smiles, actually shows neither approval nor disapproval.</p>

<p>Xu Shengqun wanted to say anything, but looked at smiling Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo, has not said eventually.</p>

<p>Although he is Spirit Transferring Pagoda most top layer one of the six people, does not dare to have in the face of this slightly dissolutely. Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo sounds to be only Douluo Hall Vice Hall Master, but is Spirit Transferring Pagoda high-level he is clear, this and Douluo Hall Hall Master also did not have much difference. Similarly stands in this world most peak man.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda Pagoda Master had said that on Continent, the match who he most is not willing to face is not Shrek Academy Sky Raising Douluo, but is Tang Sect two big Hall Master, obviously his appraisals to these two Hall Master was lofty.</p>

<p>Kitchen.</p>

<p>Closes, Mu Ye complexion as if relaxed several points, suddenly lifts the hand racket to the shoulder of Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin knows that he must do, of course will not dodge, whatever the palm of Mu Ye falls on his shoulder.</p>

<p>On the shoulder sinks, a great strength transmits instantaneously.</p>

<p>Compared with Zhen Hua, Tang Wulin longer time has not seen Mu Ye actually, comes back after Star Luo Continent, he has not seen own this Teacher(s).</p>

<p>Mu Ye stares slightly, he had considered that Tang Wulin strength will grow, strength that therefore this palm uses is not small, but, Tang Wulin actually does not have least bit reaction, he has not thought completely.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin smiles.</p>

<p>The Mu Ye eyebrow selects, on the face reveals the faint smile the expression, according to the palm actually suddenly thrust augmentation of Tang Wulin shoulder.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is washing the potato, „can Teacher(s), peel?”</p>

<p>The corners of the mouth of Mu Ye twitched, in the heart have actually been full of the shock, even if were Strength Type Soul Master of Soul Saint rank, under strength function that in own just exerted, could not certainly withstand, but own this disciple was actually imitates, if safe. Is this possible?</p>

<p>Has not continued again, because he saw floor appear(ance) of Tang Wulin under foot the fissure, catches up again, perhaps the Tang Wulin person is all right, this floor actually must unable to withstand.</p>

<p>„Brat, what good thing you have eaten, how does strength grow these many?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, „Teacher(s), this is the secret. However my strength already already over 100,000 jin (0.5 kg). Moreover my own has the feeling, as if has still been growing.”</p>

<p>Is Innate Body Sect Sect Master, in body intensity, Mu Ye is always fills proud, although he until now cannot break through to the Super Rank Douluo level, but he has confessed that by the body intensity, own sufficiently and Limit Douluo compares favorably. But, looks that front this Five Rings cultivates for about disciple, his some are not self-confident, develops according to Tang Wulin present speed, perhaps soon, he can surpass own in the body strength level.</p>

<p>„Young fellow, you are fierce. Waits a minute me to teach your head-family the law of building up body, your strength such, must meet allocate to be good.”</p>

<p>„allocate?” Tang Wulin surprised looks at Mu Ye.</p>

<p>Mu Ye light [say / way]: „You have 100,000 jin (0.5 kg) strength, then, you, when does not approach the match, how many can display?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Must throw in light of the weapon, or is coordinate Martial Soul and Soul Skill and so on has certain effect.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye shook the head, „strength is in itself also energy part, your bloodline Soul Skill is also good, own Martial Soul Soul Skill, does not conflict with it. Present you, look like have treasure mountain actually not to know that spatially how to unearth. But our Innate Body Sect the law of building up body, is helps you unearth this treasure mountain. However, you cannot be infatuated with the feeling of strength, Soul Power cultivate is basic. So long as there is enough formidable Soul Power, cultivate other will be again twice the result with half the effort. Teacher(s) was extremely in rigid as well as afterward too many energy will place to study on Mecha in own strength in the past, is unable to break through Super Rank Douluo stage to the present.”</p>

<p>„Yes.” Tang Wulin earnest nod, Mu Ye these words absolutely are his heart-to-heart talk, Tang Wulin from his look knows that this matter was big to his influence.</p>

<p>In fact, the Mu Ye young time is Innate Body Sect one generation of talents, is honored as possibly achieves predecessor stage existence. But afterward follows the growth of strength, because the division commander has not achieved such stage, to his direction on appear(ance) some issues, in addition his own hobby was extremely widespread, this lost the cultivate Soul Power best opportunity. Otherwise, by his talent, has possibility assault Limit Douluo that level.</p>

<p>Mu Ye is processing the food, while continues saying: „Before that Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo you, hasn't seen?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head.</p>

<p>Mu Ye said: „Tang Sect is really speechless that I have not thought that they so will attach great importance to you. If there is an opportunity, hits to relate with this. He the status in Tang Sect is extremely high, in fact, every so often, even if some Douluo Hall Hall Master not necessarily he speaks to be effective. He gives your Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark is a big chance, must hold surely.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin curious asking: „Teacher(s), actually Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark is any thing, why your probably very shocking as.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye sinking sound track: „Tang Sect is time-honored, wants remote many compared with our Innate Body Sect. When Tang Sect ancestor Tang San overawes Continent, Tang Sect has discovered land of treasures. Said accurately that is that Thousand Hands Douluo Tang San discovery. This land of treasures is very covert, moreover it is said is the institution, poison is layer on layer densely covered. But in land of treasures, is actually breeding numerous Heaven and Earth Treasure, is most Top Rank existence. The genuine situation I am not specially clear. But so long as you know that Tang San and Huo Yuhao these two can obtain the advantage to be enough from this land of treasures greatly.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hear of his saying, were so heavier regarding the Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark curiosity several points, but is very obvious, Mu Ye does not know about the truth.</p>

<p>Mu Ye said: „After you go back, can use Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark as soon as possible, I believe that has the direction of this Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo, you will not miss. Was right, do not walk with him is too near.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat cannot feel the brains, previous minute of Mu Ye also makes own be on good terms Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo, how the latter minute also said that makes own not walk with him is too near?</p>

<p>The Mu Ye look is somewhat strange, body sends out gentle energy, him and Tang Wulin gable, has isolated all of outside.</p>

<p>„You know that what the title of Tang Sect Present Generation Douluo Hall Hall Master is?” Mu Ye asked.</p>

  </body>
</html>