<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="771">#771: The One Word Battle Armor fusion is completed</h2>
<p>More than three years in the past, his Soul Power seemed did not have the least bit to promote, why can his pressure not know strong how many times compared with before?</p>

<p>If they know that Tang Wulin has been having to do with Dragon Clan in Dragon Valley, knows him, whenever Dragon Burying consumes the huge time will have dragon bone(s) nature take shape dragon spirit(s) to supplement that will not be shocking.</p>

<p>Right, Tang Wulin Soul Power does not have many promotion. However, the strength of his bloodline obtained unprecedented moistening in the past three years.</p>

<p>pure the strength of True Dragon is infiltrating his body unceasingly, even if his own , the strength of not completely clear own present bloodline has been actually what degree.</p>

<p>But what without a doubt is, has Mountain Dragon King Martial Soul Long Yue to continually by his aura thorough suppression.</p>

<p>bloodline promoted this stage, he started really genuine showed Golden Dragon King aura.</p>

<p>Four golden-colored ring of light raise from the Tang Wulin under foot successively, circles regarding his body up and down. The golden-colored light fog that bursts out from him infiltrates to that breastplate in slowly.</p>

<p>Immediately, breastplate starts to send out brilliantly, light golden-colored luster turned into Can golden-colored rapidly, Tang Wulin eyes is getting more and more bright, the rich golden-colored light fog has swept across his body surroundings diameter three meters range, all golden-colored Battle Armor Battle Armor Master slight(ly) on table shivers, then float, float in midair, regarding in Tang Wulin body surroundings.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin begins supinely, golden-colored scales reappears slowly, covers the whole body rapidly, his both arms and shoulders Battle Armor originally also along with it reappearing.</p>

<p>„Receives!” Tang Wulin gives a loud shout.</p>

<p>All Battle Armor like all were adsorbed by that golden-colored light fog generally, changed into golden light (Jin Guang) instantaneously to his body fusion in the past. time that several times breathe, on complete with his body fitting in the same place.</p>

<p>One Word Battle Armor, complete absorb!</p>

<p>light golden-colored armor piece covers the whole body, pattern does not calculate too, is only light dragon pattern(s), the both arms shoulders have the sharp knife blade to stick out slightly, when Tang Wulin Qi and Blood to rush, the Battle Armor surface reappears the light scales pattern.</p>

<p>helmet covers the entire forehead, the both sides have just like the dragon horn general bulge, the helmet center has crest line together to stick out slightly upwardly, golden-colored mask has blocked the face of Tang Wulin together, eye pupil dew that be only golden light (Jin Guang) four shoot outside.</p>

<p>This set of Battle Armor most remarkable characteristics are helmet both sides that to sharp dragon horn, as well as similar style, appear(ance) by the double small arm and double calf punctures suddenly, these puncture the edge to be sharp suddenly, carefully looked that also slightly presents is the dragon horn appearance, light golden-colored halo is mixing face armor piece ray of light glittering, to human a strange sense of reality.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought the body of own instantaneously anything, but was quick, they as if turned into part of body, strength of Soul Power and bloodline pour into, flowed the body of own again, as if the whole person has increased, this was this time feeling. That huge amplification makes him unable to bear want to look to vent to erupt.</p>

<p>„You need to be familiar with Battle Armor strength, do we compare notes to strike?” Ye Xinglan said to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Good!” Tang Wulin also wants to try, puts on One Word Battle Armor own, can actually be what kind of degree.</p>

<p>Inner Court has exclusive comparing notes to strike, this is different from Outer Court. Comparing notes of Outer Court strikes also needs the defray expenses to use, the Inner Court completely need, does not compare notes to strike, so long as empties can momentarily use. After all, regarding cultivation to achieve the student of certain extent, can compare notes to strike to promote own through the use is very important. Actual combat experience even is most times more important than own Soul Power rank, particularly regarding the Shrek Academy student.</p>

<p>Intensity that without a doubt, Inner Court compares notes to strike must go far beyond Outer Court, particularly protects the intensity.</p>

<p>weighty Guard Screen raises, including under foot, although is not quite comfortable on Soul Guidance energy feeling some, but this can also guarantee as far as possible is insufficient to destroy here.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi in comparing notes to strike beside, in other people in comparing notes to strike.</p>

<p>„Who comes?” Tang Wulin looks to companion.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan just about to opens the mouth, nearby Yuan En Yehui one step has stepped forward, „I come.”</p>

<p>„Good!” Cultivates on Soul Power is, Yuan En Yehui is in them strongest one.</p>

<p>„My Soul Power has achieved 57th Rank, you must be careful.” Yuan En Yehui said to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Three years promote 10th Rank, this speed seems is not quick. However, regarding is 19-year-old her, 57th Rank Soul Power is quite shocking.</p>

<p>Initially, Long Yue at age 20, is 60th Rank raises one's head that's all.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „good.”</p>

<p>Both sides are separated by 50 meters, other people fall back on the distant place, Xie Xie cannot bear shout: „Boss, you cannot under the heavy hand!”</p>

<p>„Shuts up you.” Yuan En Yehui ill-humored saying.</p>

<p>Xie Xie smiles, „I also care about you.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui no longer manages him, in the eye ray of light dodges, quick release own Martial Soul, Soul Ring ray of light rapid ascension, two purple three black, without a doubt, she promotes is not only Soul Power, but is comprehensive, in Soul King this stage, was considered as on Super Rank formidable absolutely.</p>

<p>Because on Tang Wulin is dressing directly One Word Battle Armor, Yuan En Yehui without hesitation also released own Battle Armor, covered the whole body just like earth dignified yellow Battle Armor, after collecting one set, the color saw when Star Luo Continent initially Tang Wulin wanted to be profounder.</p>

<p>This does not have the matter of means that after all, Yuan En Yehui itself also has Fallen Angel Martial Soul, but Battle Armor actually can only have one set. Therefore, when manufacture Battle Armor, she must the well distributed Two Martial Souls cut between as far as possible. Therefore, her Battle Armor in fact is the earth and darkness Dual Attributes.</p>

<p>When uses different Martial Soul, Battle Armor will cut the different conditions voluntarily. This itself in fact is a flaw, because to care about different Martial Soul, on sole Martial Soul, the amplification will be relative to normal One Word Battle Armor to be smaller.</p>

<p>Why this is also Yuan En Yehui is the Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor faithful supporter, because gives Battle Armor to strengthen through Spiritual Metal from the beginning, for her is most important.</p>

<p>Her Battle Armor manufacture gets up is most troublesome, if Two Word Battle Armor time does over to delay too long time again completely, let alone Spiritual Metal can also carry on more multiple Harmonizing Refinement alloy forging, thus makes own Battle Armor stronger, weakens the Dual Attributes Battle Armor negative effect.</p>

<p>Face upwards a long and loud cry, a Yuan En Yehui both arms show, two ray of light shine separately in her hands, her Soul Ring has shone, the body inflates rapidly, in an instant changed into height six meters Great Titan Ape.</p>

<p>Copes with Tang Wulin, without a doubt, Great Titan Ape Martial Soul is most appropriate. Can be able to see from this time Martial Soul altitude that compared with before, her Great Titan Ape Martial Soul was more formidable.</p>

<p>Two ray of light of that appear(ance) on both hands, initially Tang Wulin gave her two handle alloy Giant Hammer(s) impressively. And initially compared with, aura on Giant Hammer(s) was slightly different, the Soul Power fluctuation clearly increased. This underwent certain transformation obviously, making it more formidable.</p>

<p>Six meters high, stature incomparably majestic Great Titan Ape, takes such one pair again is being five meters, terrifying Giant Hammer(s) of giant non- Péng, that might, makes Mecha see that absolutely wants to turn around runs.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin corners of the mouth also twitched, looked at Xie Xie of distant place, in the heart acclaimed. Xie Xie this fellow, has certainly being abused tendency.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui will be impolite to Tang Wulin, although he has Four Rings, but, Tang Wulin in initially, the overall strength was far from Soul Power cultivated for can show. After let alone this time comes back, Soul Power has not promoted many, but bloodline aura actually does not know that was more formidable than many before. Facing such Tang Wulin, Yuan En Yehui will not have the least bit to keep the hand.</p>

<p>The left leg one step steps forward, the body jumped over, a pair of Giant Hammer(s) brandishes, drops from the clouds. Tandem, just like at top speed general.</p>

<p>Giant Hammer(s) has not fallen, two giant hammer shades have dropped from the clouds. That is two groups just likes the essence generally is more like giant artillery shell attack. Presents all over the body is yellow, the diameter with the Giant Hammer(s) hammer head same size.</p>

<p>Is this Air Artillery?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was startled. Meanwhile he also profoundly understands that yesterday Xie Xie can defeat Yuan En Yehui, others are what kind showing mercy.</p>

<p>Several years do not see, Yuan En Yehui has applied so the degree Air Artillery. Giant Hammer(s) and in hand under One Word Battle Armor amplification. These two groups of Giant Hammer(s) Air Artillery terrifying of explosive force, the general Soul Guide Cannon ball by far cannot compare!</p>

<p>------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Today New Year's Day, was one year passed, I wrote a book also nearly for 13 years. This month will have 13 years of special gift to give to everybody, the new book big carapace master soft hardbound will promote. Year later and everybody meets. We hope that you like. Clip clop, Happy New Year!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>