<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="883">#883: It is not good!</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin looks at her speechless, in his mind, Gu Yue strength continuously not under him, even be stronger than him, but present she, actually completely turned into the child who need other people have protected.</p>

<p>„All right, I will protect your.” Tang Wulin traces her long hair, Gu Yue has actually taken advantage of opportunity by entering him cherishes, a face satisfied [say / way]: „Daddy was best.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin palm one stiff, if after this, she wakes, how own must face her!</p>

<p>Sighed one darkly, calmed down, starts to assess the surroundings situation.</p>

<p>Disciplining of Devil Island, making him learn, regardless of as far as possible achieved in the how difficult situation calmly. Even if itself mood fluctuation is huge, must make own calm down in shortest time. Because only has maintains calm, can better going facing all difficult positions.</p>

<p>Calms down, Tang Wulin is feeling surroundings all, is carrying also on the earnest judgment to surroundings all.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, this is piece of Primitive Forest, had formerly the judgment of Spirit Raising Platform, now he more looked that more thought here likely is Star Dou Forest that in Spirit Raising Platform simulates. Only different is, here Plant Spirit Transferring Pagoda Spirit Raising Platform in Plant be more luxuriant than he has experienced, seems the age is also remote.</p>

<p>He has given a own supposition. Assuming that this in Spirit Raising Platform, then, is not Intermediate Spirit Raising Platform. Before Intermediate Spirit Raising Platform him, had gone, if so, then, in Intermediate Spirit Raising Platform, Plant not such cover . Moreover, should also not such easily bump into so formidable, the strength is not inferior under own formidable Soul Beast.</p>

<p>According to ability that Scarlet Fire Monkey King showed a moment ago, wants to defeat it, perhaps Tang Wulin must put on Battle Armor to achieve.</p>

<p>Do not look that his present Soul Power cultivates to have 55th Rank, may be general Six Rings Elite is not his match, in addition Battle Armor and Golden Dragon Spear these amplifications, Tang Wulin now in Soul Master was also considered as on is a young master.</p>

<p>So, that Scarlet Fire Monkey King fully has Twenty-thousand Years to cultivate is Soul Beast stage.</p>

<p>Advanced Spirit Raising Platform? Regarding that existence, he has not understood. Listens to Gu Yue to raise indistinctly, Advanced Spirit Raising Platform, is Spirit Transferring Pagoda most Nucleus resources.</p>

<p>However, some foundation judge him to have, for example, is the formidable Soul Beast inhabit region, the Soul Beast quantity are less. Because each formidable Soul Beast will have the own territory, does not allow other people to encroach. Clearly, their present location place, should be that Scarlet Fire Monkey King territory.</p>

<p>But enters the next stretch of territory, may meet other Soul Beast.</p>

<p>However, now the most essential issue is, how here exits!</p>

<p>If traditional Spirit Raising Platform, has special exits to equip, wants to leave only needs to press the button. Dies at the Spirit Raising Platform civil war, will leave, but on spiritual will withstand some assault.</p>

<p>The issue that now faces is, on them does not have the button that type can leave, cannot exit through normal way (of life). But uses is the method good?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not know, moreover this does not have the means to try, what to do died really?</p>

<p>Moreover, Tang Wulin had already heard, existence of Spirit Raising Platform most peak, is the real world, if own now is Gu Yue in that place, once died, was genuine died.</p>

<p>Therefore, whatever, he needs to come facing to be good with most discrete way (of life).</p>

<p>Thinks that these, he instead not too eagerly went forward clearly. This piece of Domain is the Scarlet Fire Monkey King domain, at least this Scarlet Fire Monkey King is he now can contend, on the other hand here also safe. Moreover he has similar God's Eye ability to observe surroundings when necessary, has any danger also to be able the quick discovery. Would rather here first recuperation, then also carefully distinguished under one to say again.</p>

<p>If is really in that legend highest stage Spirit Raising Platform, then, that place likely is also existence Star Dou Forest Core Area, even is the greatly ominous place. May encounter the Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast place!</p>

<p>If rashly thorough, only needs to meet Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast, he and Gu Yue ended.</p>

<p>If is really that place, so long as other source is correct to the choice, gradually is separated from Nucleus, walks, should be able to walk is right.</p>

<p>The dependence eye, Tang Wulin of course is impossible to see that which direction own should in walk. May pass Transformation that beforehand Blue Silver Emperor brings, he can actually ask that whom asked? Plant, surroundings all Plant, they understand this world compared with him by far.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin said to Gu Yue: „Gu Yue, I want meditation a while, seeks direction that can leave, side me, do not walk away.”</p>

<p>„.” Gu Yue complied with one obediently.</p>

<p>Looks at such Gu Yue, Tang Wulin is out of sorts. In his mind, Gu Yue is independent, moreover always worried miss. Among them, has a special closeness throughout. Their sentiments have been for many years influence subtly to train.</p>

<p>This time Gu Yue, already not in Gu Yue like his mind. But he somewhat hopes, if Gu Yue is such naive Wuxie (Innocence), can much less worries. Standing putting oneself in another's place considered in the Gu Yue angle that her departure, own no doubt was very initially painful, so long as she is genuine loves own, the pain in her innermost feelings, only meets wins in own.</p>

<p>Only different is, she knows how can find own, but own throughout is actually not able to find her.</p>

<p>This time she came back, said that anything cannot make her leave again. of course, that wanted him to prove the first guess of own, this has Na'er appearance her at present, was own Gu Yue is really good. Otherwise, even if he wants with her intimate, actually does not dare.</p>

<p>Sits cross-legged to sit, Tang Wulin concentrates spiritual, spiritual thinks of the feeling to release following Blue Silver Emperor outward, with surroundings Plant fuses gradually in together, gradually communication.</p>

<p>Plant before has not opened Spirit Wisdom, simple life form, they look like metal(s) when completing Spirit Refinement are the same, have Life not to have Wisdom.</p>

<p>Once opens Spirit Wisdom, becomes Plant System Soul Beast, that will be likely more formidable than ordinary Soul Beast. Just, the Plant System Soul Beast quantity was really too few, too rare.</p>

<p>However, Tang Wulin has his means that he does not need to relate on Gaining Spirit Wisdom Plant, but only needs them to tell own, which direction danger, which direction was safely enough.</p>

<p>Quick, he got answer!</p>

<p>The ordinary Plant too big feedback in ground, has not appeared completely ignorants, but these big trees transmitted to his information had the explicit direction. In these Plant give in his sensation, a direction is similar to the abyss, another direction is actually positive light flatters. Without a doubt, the answer had.</p>

<p>Some such discovery, Tang Wulin was very immediately joyful, opens eyes, rises with a spring from the ground.</p>

<p>But what makes him terrified one startled is, Gu Yue not in side.</p>

<p>Subconscious hurrying releases Spiritual Strength, seeks through the God angle of view. Fortunately, she goes out not far, is away from him about 300 meters place. Then lowers the head, smiled is looking for anything in the grove, in her left hand, has grabbed a colorful wild flower, seems the in high spirit appearance.</p>

<p>Her happy appearance makes Tang Wulin one feel sad, as the Shrek Academy student, they already did not have the person of same age pleasure. Yes! Doesn't the flower season young girl, who like tweed?</p>

<p>In this time, suddenly, in his God angle of view, two forms simultaneously appear(ance), is swooping to come in his direction, another, is directly soars Gu Yue to go impressively.</p>

<p>These two form appear(ance) is towering, moreover speed incredibly fast is incomparable, not having the least bit to stop.</p>

<p>It is not good!</p>

  </body>
</html>