<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="836">#836: Gu Yue?</h2>
<p>When Tang Wulin could not restrain own shortly, when starts toward Xu Xiaoyan that him approaches slowly, he flustered finally. Regardless of the innermost feelings are firm, in this case, he also has to compromise.</p>

<p>„Fears anything, first enjoys life, that is how wonderful! You looked that a such attractive young miss will soon arrive your reluctantly. Why must restrain own *? The release, released heartily your * is good.”</p>

<p>sounds/voices does not belong to Nightmare Old Devil, instead is a female voice, very delightful interesting to listen to female voice, in sounds/voices is bringing light attracting, although not strong, was similar to at this time the blasting fuse is but ordinary.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin eye sees with a blur a while ago, that approached his Xu Xiaoyan gradually as if changed, turned into the Na'er appearance, turned into the Gu Yue appearance.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin exhausts All-Out telling own, gradually that approaches is not Gu Yue, will not be Na'er. But, the property of that pink mist was really too strong, formidable, not only corroded his body to stimulate his instinct, was links his spiritual world also to start to corrode to enter.</p>

<p>Intermittent illusion unceasingly appear(ance) in mind, once and Gu Yue in together lovely time unceasing flashes in his mind.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin double fist grips tightly, the unceasing effort attempts to struggle from this illusion, but he actually discovered that own actually can only unceasing perishing in the illusion.</p>

<p>Finally, a hot and damp palm held his shoulder, Tang Wulin felt immediately the body of own seems similar to the volcanic eruption generally soon will burst open.</p>

<p>He is almost subconscious turning round, his eyes became red.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, all pink mist suddenly are similar to heavy drinker absorbing water generally vanish from the hole top do not see, just likes the waterfall common ice water drops from the clouds, in seven people of squeals, was soaked through the heart to be cool them.</p>

<p>All * was irrigated clean that extinguishes in an instant, the people dizzy brain in an instant is also sobering.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hit to tremble smartly spirit, his clear seeing, Xu Xiaoyan was near at hand, a hand was grabbing the shoulder of own, but the hand of own lifted, if were not that ice water falls, must fall on him.</p>

<p>Moreover the two sides situations are also similar.</p>

<p>A Yuan En Yehui foot steps on Xu Lizhi carries on the back, Xu Lizhi lies on the ground in gulps is panting for breath.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan willpower strength, but also no longer is sits cross-legged to sit there, but is both hands support in the ground, makes movement that will soon throw to strike.</p>

<p>What most is awkward is Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu. At this time they have hugged in the same place, after the ice water waters, simultaneously sober two been dumbfounded looks at the opposite party.</p>

<p>„Vomits......” they also to tilt the head, makes the vomitive the movement, then the lightning distributes.</p>

<p>„What you and do you have to me make?” They almost with one voice is roaring.</p>

<p>Luckily, their clothes are complete, obviously has not been in the next step degree.</p>

<p>The intense sense of fear along with it flooding in seven people of mind, they are unable to imagine, if just that pink mist again continued, actually to have what kind of Transformation.</p>

<p>This will let their pain absolutely lifelong, will make them abandon the huge attack of Life.</p>

<p>In suffering to mind, unequalled.</p>

<p>„Now, you should be obedient some.” Nightmare Old Devil brings several points of strange sounds/voices to resound. A series of strange laughter also along with it flooding in the entire pain.</p>

<p>That giant voice fluctuation echo, the Tang Wulin seven people quick fell into the stupor under sound wave intense assault.</p>

<p>Since arriving here, they have met Disillusioned, Nightmare, Devour and Loathing four Old Devil successively. Each Old Devil suffers the method of person is to emerge one after another incessantly, each Old Devil is such terrifying. But they did not resist.</p>

<p>These Old Devil fully held the weakness in their human nature, they who since a half year of time, has suffered regardless of the body and mind, suffered enormous devastation.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin sobers from the deep sleep, he discovers own also in the cavern. In cavern besides him, another form. That person by stone cliff(wall), the body wears a purple cape, cannot see the appearance.</p>

<p>The takes a deep breath tone, Tang Wulin discovered that own strength of Soul Power and Qi and Blood can again Control. Subconscious stands up from failure to sit up, besides the also a little dizziness, all returned to normal.</p>

<p>Calmed down, Tang Wulin careful arrived at that person of side probe head to examine in the past.</p>

<p>This looked that made him stare in a big way the eye surprisedly.</p>

<p>Under purple hood, is tender face that plays musical instruments to break, her skin is fair and exquisite, the look is not outstandingly beautiful, but has the unequalled important position in the Tang Wulin heart.</p>

<p>Sees her, Tang Wulin first reaction is this is impossible. But, he also has the feeling of body and mind megascism.</p>

<p>He has pinched the thigh of own subconsciously, makes an effort very much. Very sore!</p>

<p>Is is not having a dream, the present all are real. His subconscious and searched the hand in the past, has pinched on her face.</p>

<p>„Um!” Young girls light snort, the long eyelash moves, has opened eyes slowly.</p>

<p>Four items of relative, the Tang Wulin look instantaneously becomes excited, but that person of look, actually appear(ance) absent-minded and confusedness of moment.</p>

<p>„Where I and is my this?” Young girl dull saying.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Here is Devil Island. Are you, really you?”</p>

<p>The young girls sit the straight body fiercely, as if at this time returns to the soul, loses the sound track: „How you and you can here. You......”</p>

<p>Yes, this young girl is not others, is missing long time Gu Yue.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin visits her dull, looks at being startled of her face, „Gu Yue, you make me look well painstakingly!”</p>

<p>The breath of Gu Yue is obviously rapid, she stood up fast, looked at all around, muttered the tunnel: „You and you how here, I just obviously also in Spirit Transferring Pagoda, you......”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head, „I said that I do not know, you do believe?”</p>

<p>A Gu Yue hand according to above the own milk-white bosom, she has turned around suddenly, the back to Tang Wulin, is looking like is not willing to resemble facing him, breath shortness.</p>

<p>„Why must walk! What matter has is we cannot go facing, to solve together? Yes, present I am not very formidable. Perhaps was unable completely to protect you, but I will certainly try hard, certainly will try hard becomes stronger. Future I, can certainly protect you. Gu Yue, do not leave me again?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin arrives at her behind, both hands somewhat shiver are holding her arm, pulls slowly her body.</p>

<p>„You do not understand, you did not understand that is not that simple.” Gu Yue sounds/voices somewhat shivers, „, if, how I give up to leave you! However, I actually cannot keep side you, for your security, for your future.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin makes an effort to pull her, making her face own, „you worried that I am unable to withstand, but actually can you tell me are what matter? You believe that in this world, besides you, I can also like others?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue light [say / way]: „Some that many outstanding girls like you, you can choose them greatly.”</p>

<p>„Are you sincerity?” Tang Wulin sinking sound track.</p>

<p>Gu Yue do not go excessively, has not spoken.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, „told me, any matter, you must make me know the first truth of matter, we way that came to find to solve are also together good! Perhaps, I did not have ability to protect you now, I also agreed that for our future can separate temporarily. But you at least must make me know the reason, at least must make me see the future hope. You are like my, among us sentiment real, this was enough. I believe own, in the future will certainly have ability to protect you, protects side you. Actually is any matter, told me.”</p>

  </body>
</html>