<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="894">#894: Clashes</h2>
<p>If the match felt that you are not that firm, will possibly seek for the opportunity to kill him through unceasing protracted time. Without a doubt, dragging time more longer, regarding Tang Wulin, is more disadvantageous.</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he has hugged Gu Yue to jump, directly soars frontage purple Mecha to flush away.</p>

<p>Saw that in front of that purple Mecha, the Tang Wulin personal appearance half revolution, a foot trampled in that Mecha shoulder place.</p>

<p>„Bang” a bang, that Mecha is flown, pounded following several Mecha that his terrifying great strength trampled directly.</p>

<p>„strength judgment, over 150,000 kilograms. Mecha damages 21%.”</p>

<p>Is this Humanity?</p>

<p>On the control tower has concentrated the massive Star Dou Stronghold high levels, after they saw terrifying strength that Tang Wulin releases, first time judges, this seems is similar to Xu Shengqun, but the whole body is sending out the madness flavor fellow, should be Soul Beast is right. Also has Soul Beast, may have so formidable strength.</p>

<p>Ferocious Beast escapes no doubt importantly, but relatively speaking, is prepares Spirit Transferring Envoy(s) Gu Yuena to be without doubt more important. Under the Tang Wulin powerful forces, Mecha successively retreat.</p>

<p>If the request of Tang Wulin is opening entire Star Dou Stronghold Guard Screen, this is obviously impossible to comply, if only its own wants to run, then on easy many. Only needs following to chase down again and that's the end.</p>

<p>Runs out of the Mecha densely covered road, Tang Wulin cannot identify the position, but he knows roughly where is the Star Dou Forest direction, where is the surrounding. Therefore in the general orientation will not have the issue.</p>

<p>Across several roads, although some massive Spirit Transferring Pagoda Elite, but Tang Wulin does not have any meaning of stop.</p>

<p>But, these roads strange eight circle, this way, his sense of direction must have problems.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, these Spirit Transferring Pagoda Elite are waiting for the opportunity, once he exposes weaknesses, or physical exertion oversized time, very possible opposite party to kill to him strikes, thus under rescuing Gu Yue.</p>

<p>Cannot conventional walked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stops the footsteps, a hand forces Gu Yue as before, another hand while turning round, shells suddenly to behind wall.</p>

<p>The low and deep dragon roar sound gets up, the strength of bloodline transfers, actually does not appear scales.</p>

<p>Enough over 200,000 jin (0.5 kg) terrifying great strength bombardments maliciously on the metal(s) wall.</p>

<p>In the fierce bellow, that thickness exceeds one foot, the interior also has the energy protection metal(s) wall immediately large scale inside depression. Tang Wulin elbow counter-attack, is.</p>

<p>Voice that only collides, on the scene is fearful and apprehensive on fluctuation numerous Spirit Transferring Pagoda Elite.</p>

<p>So three times, a giant hole on appear(ance) in Tang Wulin behind, has revealed quite open spatial. He is bringing Gu Yue without hesitation flushed. Then before the correct direction in his impression continues clashes, to the place, immediately has shelled with pure strength.</p>

<p>If the Spirit Transferring Pagoda aspect has energy screen appear(ance), Tang Wulin threatens on so as to Gu Yue Life immediately, but does not have in situation that energy protects, his strong strange strength is the unceasingly rumbling broken wall stiffly.</p>

<p>Even if the Spirit Transferring Pagoda aspect indicated that must lead him to move toward to export Tang Wulin not to pay attention, uses this extremely overbearing way (of life), seeks outlet that his own is wanting.</p>

<p>„Bang”, when his seventh bombardment wall, the wall was actually only appear(ance) a small dent. If the beforehand wall has one foot thick, this time, Tang Wulin discovers front metal(s) jade, at least over five meters thick, even if by his strength, was impossible to clash.</p>

<p>But he at this time is actually not startled counter- happy, as armed stronghold, defense strength strongest without doubt is the surrounding. Very possible they to arrive at outer wall.</p>

<p>What to do? Old means. pure strength is not good, he also has other way (of life).</p>

<p>Blocks own by the body of Gu Yue, the left hand releases Golden Dragon Claw quietly, back to the wall direction, to that wall according to going.</p>

<p>Right hand Golden Dragon Claw properties is crushing, but left hand Golden Dragon Claw properties is shredding. Under strength of attention tyrannical bloodline, Golden Dragon Claw unceasing tears down weighty metal(s), flings to fly to the front to surround their these Spirit Transferring Pagoda Elite them again. The free time of a while, was ripped open a crack by Tang Wulin, he and Gu Yue body all hid.</p>

<p>At this time, anything monitored equipment unable to see clearly inside situation, Tang Wulin both hands were uneven, Gu Yue kept off in front of him, Golden Dragon Claw and Dark Gold Fearful Claw All-Out displayed, sufficiently person of general passageway that by his unceasing digging up stiffly.</p>

<p>Can take alloy of stronghold outer wall, the hard degree can be imagined, but don't forget, Tang Wulin was Blacksmith, he enough knew about metal(s), therefore, can see appear(ance) of metal(s) fragment(s) unceasingly before them, the body of Tang Wulin and Gu Yue was actually more and more thorough in.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda Elite are also being in a daze that somewhat looks, simultaneously their also even more affirmation Tang Wulin was the Ferocious Beast status. If outside person seeps, then impossible not to know about here, will not adopt so barbaric way (of life) to break through.</p>

<p>What may let some of their also not knowing whether to laugh or cry, this very barbaric way (of life), actually appears very easy-to-use.</p>

<p>The back, the fresh air from behind assails. Tang Wulin discovered immediately that they were come out finally. stronghold outer layer wall, stiffly had dug out a hole by him. Looks outward, from ground more than hundred meters appearances.</p>

<p>Wipes the light smile along with it reappearing on the Tang Wulin face. Came out.</p>

<p>Gu Yue has turned head, relative Tang Wulin said anything, had actually been covered the mouth by Tang Wulin. At this time, once Gu Yue making noise made the opposite party discover that this Gu Yue non- was other Gu Yue, that may be big on the trouble. These many Spirit Transferring Pagoda Elite, the casualness can rip fragment(s) them.</p>

<p>A hand holds in the arms the waist of Gu Yue, in her screams, Tang Wulin has soared, directly soars in the ground to fall.</p>

<p>The altitudes of hundred rice for him at all are not anything, whereabouts about 60-70 meters time, his right foot treads on stronghold, the human has been similar to arrow dart leaps up, shifts like lightning, bringing Gu Yue to dash to go toward the distant place.</p>

<p>Their this comes out, outside over 60 Mecha come in swarms immediately. And is the head, unexpectedly is Red Mecha.</p>

<p>„You have been separated from stronghold, puts down the hostage, asking you to leave.” The electronic combination tone from the sky reverberates.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin loudly exclaimed: „You don't with me, after one hour, I let loose the hostage. When you I am silly? Now has put the hostage, will you keep the promise?”</p>

<p>„Leave to me, with me, I starts to tear up person qualitative body certain parts again, throws to you.” At the same time is roaring, the Tang Wulin right hand flings, the Gu Yue coat flew.</p>

<p>Gu Yue somewhat discontented digs red lips, but is actually obedient has not opened the mouth.</p>

<p>Really, the Gu Yue clothes fly, behind pursuing troops immediately on slow. Tang Wulin is leading her, All-Out dashes about wildly with lightning speed, being able choose the exact way because of flurry recognizes a direction to flee.</p>

<p>To be separated from Control not to have is so simple, Spirit Transferring Pagoda is having the Federation highest-level science and technology absolutely, the range that only the radar can cover is quite huge, let alone they can also ask the Federation military to coordinate.</p>

<p>Therefore, after Tang Wulin brings Gu Yue is drilling into woods, he immediately releases own Blue Silver Emperor.</p>

<p>With Blue Silver Emperor and communication of surroundings Plant, this all covers their aura. Meanwhile, Tang Wulin digs out a burrow in shrubberies rapidly, bringing Gu Yue to worm one's way into.</p>

<p>Mountain Dragon imperial launches, keeps off the soil in the body outer layer, is relying on the a pair of Golden Dragon Claw downward excavation, at this time Tang Wulin has used All-Out, is only several minutes of time, he has deep cut below hundred meters.</p>

  </body>
</html>