<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="901">#901: Plan</h2>
<p>Categorical and forceful that these words Zhen Hua said. Also is similar to is filled with wisdom general, made Tang Wulin and his companion looks the color of vibration.</p>

<p>Yes, just like Tang Wulin said that now they can depend upon has own. But their own, but also is not very by far formidable. It is not able to revive and reconstruct Shrek, reason has one, that is they is extremely small and weak.</p>

<p>„I understood.” Nod of Ye Xinglan makes an effort.</p>

<p>„You cannot enter the military with original status, status aspect, I will try to find the solution, haven't you studied the cosmetics technique? You need another status, before is not formidable enough, walks with your another status in the society.”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua complexion dignified [say / way]: „Perhaps is because peace was too long, some people must be ready to make trouble eventually. Not only you hope of Shrek, even is also the Douluo Continent future hope. If I have not guessed that wrong, this Shrek City was destroyed, then comes to power, can be War Hawk of main action. They can resist the terrifying nominal expansion of armaments and expanded weaponry. Since the goals of some people have been unification entire Douluo Star. Perhaps the war soon can appear(ance). Not only internal, likely also foreign. of course, this is only my current guess, actually to move toward which step, but must look at the following situation.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye said: „You? Goes back?”</p>

<p>The Zhen Hua forced smile said: „Does not know. At least at present cannot go back. Without frightening of Shrek Academy, did not have the Tang Sect General Headquarters support. I rashly go back now, is a target.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Senior Teacher, Mu Chen Teacher(s) in Heaven Dou City Blacksmith Association General Headquarters, Teacher(s) says him now in Control the aspect.”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua eye one bright, „Mu Chen in? That was too good, I do not need to go back. Is comparing in secret well in public. Some arrangement of Association, have not thought that must apply. Wulin, you stay here, when to Two Word Battle Armor Master, I will give you diligently some manufacture Battle Armor instruct. After you complete Two Word Battle Armor, contacts Tang Sect again, helping your this young girlfriend treat. Once treats for her, you enlist in the military.”</p>

<p>The mentality straightened out, Tang Wulin also cannot help but spiritual inspires. The aspect so, now is to walk one step looks one step, and strives every step to walk enough solid.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and companion lived, and starts again forging under Zhen Hua instruct their Battle Armor, Zhen Hua to the opinions of some instruct nature, the specific operation is their own carries on.</p>

<p>Two Word Battle Armor, must first all promote Spirit Refinement Stage their Battle Armor metal(s), then increases Wings. Again, is a law portray.</p>

<p>But in the entire manufacture Two Word Battle Armor process, is most difficult, is not the following law portray. Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan can quite relaxed completes this work, they are cultivation of Soul Emperor rank are, has enough Soul Power support to complete a law portray. forging is most difficulties!</p>

<p>Said accurately that initially made the plan from Tang Wulin, wants, when One Word Battle Armor with Spiritual Metal, he many pressures will have placed on own.</p>

<p>One Word Battle Armor with Spiritual Metal, can saving resources of enormous degree, not need to waste the manufacture One Word Battle Armor material, when Two Word Battle Armor can also continue to use. Portrays a Nucleus method difficulty markedly to reduce, only needed to supplement some law complex degrees and special effect is OK.</p>

<p>May regarding forging, the difficulty actually be more difficult than direct manufacture Two Word Battle Armor. First, Tang Wulin cannot have any fault, because he cannot be defeated. Without any test opportunity, must succeed at one fell swoop. Simultaneously must unable to affect Nucleus method originally in forging, meanwhile must join new metal(s) Harmonizing Refinement to go in again, even if before , he is 6th Rank Blacksmith time, does not have the absolute assurance to complete.</p>

<p>But now, of course is different! He is Saint Craftsman, entire Douluo Continent in history, youngest Saint Craftsman!</p>

<p>dual hammers dexterous falling on front golden-colored armor, every time raps on Tang Wulin to send out gentle aura naturally. Not only this aura Soul Power fluctuates, there is Qi and Blood to fluctuate, under his powerful Spiritual Strength in addition holds, is adjusting Battle Armor under forging hammer perfectly.</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin hand this before forging hammer and compared also had not small Transformation, Spirit Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer originally changed into Soul Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer now. The difference of Soul Refinement and Spirit Refinement, lies in Soul Refinement, not only has Life, had Wisdom. But has Wisdom metal(s), can be interlinked with the master regard.</p>

<p>Therefore, when this to Soul Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer falls, it raps Battle Armor sounds/voices every to strike is different, its Innate Body meets the distortion of appear(ance) slight(ly), according to the Tang Wulin regard, dexterous avoids these complex patterns, is insufficient the wound to originally the trace, increases the effort in the place that some needs aggravate.</p>

<p>A hammer got down, is equal to the effect of past dozens hammer, this was the advantage that Soul Refinement brought. Moreover more precise control, lets probability big reduction of failure.</p>

<p>Two Word Battle Armor needs to promote metal(s) stage to arrive at Spirit Refinement, but also needs to increase metal(s) to achieve stronger alloy. Only has Saint Craftsman, can complete all these perfectly.</p>

<p>Other people stand in not far away visit him, includes one generation of Divine Craftsman Zhen Hua.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin promotes to complete under his direction to Saint Craftsman stage, even if in his opinion, Tang Wulin forging has also felt the artistic feeling at this time.</p>

<p>Mu Ye regarding training of Tang Wulin, making he many years of accumulation be well-prepared finally, after genuine has controlled own that strong strength, Tang Wulin has compared to own control was outstanding before are too many, but the control and forging of this perfect strength unified, make him in several months time, has stabilized Saint Craftsman stage completely. Although was unable compared with Mu Chen such senior Saint Craftsman, but completed this Two Word Battle Armor forging is actually very relaxed.</p>

<p>But as other Shrek Seven Monsters people of layman, looks in forging Tang Wulin, thought before compares, his present forging appeared with ease was more optional, as if was not earnest, but each hammer got down, was actually similar to plays music general, resounded delightful sounds/voices, did not have past heavy thundering, but this marvelous forging let the feelings of some of their feeling at ease, looked like own Soul also while his forging hammer gently struck sublimated.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi is first sits cross-legged to sit down, in listening respectfully to the Tang Wulin forging knocking, in his heart has clear comprehension.</p>

<p>companion also sits down successively, silently enters the meditation condition. Only has Gu Yue, the big eye looks at steadily looks at Tang Wulin, often askew head, in look is at a loss seems being is thinking deeply about anything.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin first carries on forging, is own Battle Armor. It is not he is selfish, because he just started first time to carry on this Battle Armor promotion forging, own has not grasped at heart absolutely, cannot be test sample with companion Battle Armor, in the meantime, he is also most familiar with own Battle Armor.</p>

<p>But in fact, after his Harmonizing Refinement starts, entered the condition, all naturally completed.</p>

<p>first block forging completes, impressively when his right hand Golden Dragon Claw, with One Word Battle Armor compares, this time Golden Dragon Claw seemed weighty several points, the pattern was more profound, Golden Dragon Claw itself slightly has also increased, above left behind many spatial to carry on the Soul Guidance Method Array portray.</p>

<p>light golden-colored Battle Armor, along with integration of third rare metal(s), the color became profound several points. The entire feeling has been full of flavor, from the Thousand Refinements sublimation was Spirit Refinement, metal(s) starts to have the Life strength, Tang Wulin even can feel that on this metal(s) as if had the pore to be ordinary, along with the breath of own, but Transformation.</p>

<p>In his beforehand plan, is planned, when Two Word Battle Armor joins two rare metal(s) to carry on Harmonizing Refinement, but under the opinion of Zhen Hua, decides only to increase rare metal(s) finally.</p>

<p>Reason that Zhen Hua makes him such do is mainly because forging level promotion of Tang Wulin was too quick, the rapidness that the forging level enhances, means the near future, he will also break through in the forging aspect. Two Word Battle Armor, is the start of Battle Armor genuine, Tang Wulin is Saint Craftsman, fuses two metal(s) to achieve, but he also after all just entered to Saint Craftsman this stage. Fusion metal(s) are too much, among different metal(s) each other mixing is not adept.</p>

<p>In order to makes their Battle Armor in the future more perfect, only joins metal(s) to carry on forging, Tang Wulin can achieve the perfect degree, behind also has Three Word Battle Armor and Four Word Battle Armor forging process in any case, at that time, carries on forging in the situation of having confidence is better.</p>

<p>-------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>