<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="830">#830: Holding under duress</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin has smiled suddenly, „real? You think really I don't dare to begin?” The intense murderous intention bursts out from his within the body, in an instant, his eyes turned into blood-red suddenly. Left hand Golden Dragon Claw must close up inward.</p>

<p>Shen Xing only thought that at this time blood of own whole body wanted freeze, terrifying aura that the Tang Wulin body burst out made her suffocation, her first time felt that the own distance death was such near.</p>

<p>She has thought own does not fear death, can offer own Life for Federation. May arrive at Life and Death life or death moment , the sense of fear arises spontaneously.</p>

<p>The male military officer is also the complexion big change, „stopped, has killed her, you were Federation sinner, we will execute summarily you similarly.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin laughs suddenly, in his laughter has been full of the hysteria, „Devil Island that crowd of Demon suffer me daily, I already do not want to live, some people are buried along with the dead, is a good matter. Come, that makes us perish together, dies with a beautiful woman, is not the painful matter.” At the same time was saying, he held the right hand of personal appearance to raise from the ground her directly, Shen Xing pretty face instantaneously became piece of pale white.</p>

<p>„Stop! retreat.” The male military officer has nearly bitten a steel tooth, by his rigid character, but also others, perhaps the person of his rather Sacrifice one's own side, must take the enemy. But, Shen Xing is different! Not only Shen Xing in his dream sweetheart, what is more important, she is the North Sea Corps armed forces regimental commander, Northeast Military District Vice Commander Shen Yue own Younger Sister.</p>

<p>If Shen Xing had an accident, how making him confess with Shen Yue?</p>

<p>The soldiers carry Soul Guide Ray Gun retreat, Tang Wulin are placing in the ground Shen Xing slowly again, clamps her body stride to walk outward, looks like strolls general in own.</p>

<p>Nobody dares to begin, Tang Wulin had already shown his strength, let alone front this Lieutenant Colonel strength not necessarily certainly can defeat him, even if Titled Douluo here, facing One Word Battle Armor Master time, will not have confidence before the homicide person kills him.</p>

<p>Shen Xing big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath. Just at that moment, she felt really own as if arrived by Grim Reaper. The unprecedented sense of fear lets her pretty face pale white like the paper.</p>

<p>Extends passageway to walk outward, does not need others to tell, relied on to the feeling of air current, Tang Wulin had been finding the to speak quickly, in numerous soldiers „crowding around”, walked.</p>

<p>Outside air is really happy! Tang Wulin deep inspiration, then looks to all around.</p>

<p>„Looks for aircraft to come to me. Wants Sky Flyer 17, do not use trick. So long as you have met my request, I can assure her security. I know, in North Sea Corps has certainly Elite to guard. However, I have enough self-confidence, before your Elite extinguish me kills, I can draw a pad back.”</p>

<p>Saying that Tang Wulin lets somebody cool off or calm down, „gives you ten minutes.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Tang Wulin is drawing the personal appearance, looked for an angle to sit down, his own leaned on the corner, such following two directions did not fear some people of attack. Lets Shen Xing again by in the own bosom, covers the body of own with her body.</p>

<p>Shen Xing basically sits on the Tang Wulin thigh, her buttocks very curl upwards specially, because fears, body slight(ly) is shivering.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart raises fiery, but at this time, what is more important is all around the observation. In order to avoid appear(ance) any Transformation.</p>

<p>aircraft has not come, the human were getting more and more. The massive Jun soldiers have encircled watertight surroundings. Soul Guide Steam Vehicle unceasing opens.</p>

<p>„Five minutes!” Saying that Tang Wulin lets somebody cool off or calm down.</p>

<p>At this moment, a military vehicle arrives at the nearby rapidly, „” stopping. Opens the vehicle door, Shen Yue of military garb jumped down from the vehicle.</p>

<p>Gets out, she sees own Younger Sister, in Tang Wulin during grasps.</p>

<p>This time Shen Xing, the appearance is really somewhat distressed, sleeves did not have, on the face completely is the tear stains, the body by Tang Wulin, but also slight(ly) is shivering.</p>

<p>Intense anger „whiz whiz” upward goes against, the Shen Yue stride walks toward Tang Wulin. This time she, soon exploded with rage simply the lung.</p>

<p>Recently recently she had sufficed annoyedly, had been made Sky Flyer by Shrek Seven Monsters 17, later unexpectedly in airborne directly had been stolen one by Tang Wulin. This simply is the North Sea Corps great shame.</p>

<p>But what she has not thought that in soon, Tang Wulin unexpectedly came, moreover this time has also kidnapped own Younger Sister.</p>

<p>„Lets loose her!” Saying that Shen Yue lets somebody cool off or calm down.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looked at an epaulet of her shoulder, in the heart is also one tight. Lieutenant General! This absolutely was he has seen the highest military appointment.</p>

<p>„General Your Excellency, hello. My aircraft? My patience is limited.” Tang Wulin light saying.</p>

<p>Shen Yue looks at Tang Wulin, suddenly sinking sound shouted to clear the way: „I said that lets loose her.” Her roars, with intense spiritual fluctuation.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that at present one black, an invisible dignity oppresses to him, is almost subconscious, he wants to obey the order of Shen Yue.</p>

<p>But absent-minded is only the flash, Tang Wulin next one flickers in Shen Yue, sudden seizes the neck of Shen Xing comes on the strategic place, simultaneously the right hand wields, in the Shen Xing ear-piercing squeal, drew her another side sleeves.</p>

<p>Shen Yue flushed, when sees the Tang Wulin movement, she has to Control the body of own make own stop.</p>

<p>„To die, that together dies!” The Tang Wulin anger exclaimed.</p>

<p>The Shen Yue double fist grips tightly, „lets loose her, I am your hostage.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sneers, „general Your Excellency, you, when I am a three -year-old child? Your this year discipline can become Lieutenant General, you that formidable Spiritual Strength, it can be imagined, your strength certainly was much more formidable than a moment ago me. Works as the hostage with you? Am I dislike the own life to be long?”</p>

<p>Shen Yue did not have the means, she was not really clear, why own spiritual frightened to be unexpectedly useless to this boy. Must know that her Spiritual Strength has achieved Spirit Abyss Realm! How to be useless?</p>

<p>„Three minutes, aircraft has not come, I do not kill her, each one minute, I have torn up her clothes. Come, you can bet me to dare.” At the same time was saying, Tang Wulin has untied the first knot of Shen Xing collar place.</p>

<p>The Shen Xing mood collapsed finally, she yelled: „Elder sister, saves me.”</p>

<p>Ended! Her called, Shen Yue knows that was finished. The aspect lost the control thoroughly.</p>

<p>Really, Tang Wulin eye one bright, drew Shen Xing to stand, wiped the light smiling face along with it reappearing on his face, „has not thought really that my luck so was unexpectedly good. General Your Excellency Younger Sister! General Your Excellency please feel relieved, so long as you meet my request, I let off her. Two minutes.”</p>

<p>„aircraft opens!” Shen Yue exclaimed lowly.</p>

<p>Her of course knows that issues this order to be disadvantageous to her. As the armed forces regimental commander, facing the enemy threatens chooses the compromise unexpectedly, moreover for own Younger Sister. So long as this matter passes on, has the indelible influence to her future future.</p>

<p>But, can she do? Her such Younger Sister. She cannot look helplessly Younger Sister was shamed, even loses the life!</p>

<p>In her opinion, Tang Wulin was insane. His actions have gone beyond the category that the Shrek Academy student has been able to make completely. However, she is very clear, in the record of North Sea Corps, the Shrek student who any went to Devil Island, time will become very not normal.</p>

<p>Therefore, Shen Yue does not dare to bet similarly, she cannot use own Younger Sister not round trip gambling.</p>

<p>Quick, Sky Flyer 17 advanced in the Tang Wulin field of vision range.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, draws Shen Xing to stand up.</p>

<p>Shen Yue sinking sound track: „aircraft came, you can let loose her now, I guaranteed by the reputation that making you drive aircraft to leave.”</p>

  </body>
</html>