<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="879">#879: Eternal Dongfeng</h2>
<p>Shrek in gulf six strange, the body was submerged by the soil had half fully, but most assault waves cannot arrive at the ground eventually.</p>

<p>Only the split vision of Ye Xinglan corner of the eye saw, final time that the explosion finished, one group of silver photospheres fly to shoot to go toward the distant place suddenly, without a trace of disappearance.</p>

<p>Had finished, these time seemed the conclusion of genuine. The terrifying large explosion disappears finally thoroughly.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan dispelling soil, first jumped. Then draws in abundance other people.</p>

<p>„Hum!” The wail resounds, Xu Xiaoyan cannot endure patiently sadness in heart again, the tears flows copiously. Le Zhengyu hurries to hug into the own bosom her.</p>

<p>On the Ye Xinglan face full is the dignified color, the sinking sound track: „Now is not crying time, qualifications that we have not cried. Pavilion Master makes price with own Life, has brought the fresh opportunity to us. Wulin has blocked Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell attack with the body of own, we must go on living, for Shrek. We are the final seeds, we are Shrek Seven Monsters, we must shoulder are the heavy burdens of Shrek revenge. Comes with me.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, she turned around fast to run in the abyss wall direction.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui holds Ya Li in the bosom follows.</p>

<p>Xie Xie clenches the teeth, follows side her, some fat face distortions of Xu Lizhi, lip min closely.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan wipes off the tears, under lead of Le Zhengyu, follows on the heels.</p>

<p>They cannot be sad, because they did not have the qualifications to go sadly. Meets with the disaster, they must first do now, goes on living. For own, goes on living for Shrek Academy and for Tang Sect.</p>

<p>The heart of Ye Xinglan possibly is how tranquil, how in her heart can not be painful, but at this moment, Tang Wulin to save companion Life and Death does not know that vanishes without the trace. She cannot let his in vain Sacrifice, she must bring companion to leave here first, first lives, is living, has the opportunity.</p>

<p>Disciplining of Devil Island, lets their willpower by far compared with many that the average person must strengthen, not genuine collapse in such pain. So long as they are also living, Shrek has the seed, has the possibility of revival.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„!” crushing that crystal Cup falling ground, falls.</p>

<p>Speaker complexion piece of pale white, blood-colored sheds instantaneously completely.</p>

<p>„Shrek City by two Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell thorough Ruin? Does Shrek Academy, all extinguish?” His body not by Control is shivering.</p>

<p>Is the high-ranking, he should quietly be very right, may at this moment, he possibly calm?</p>

<p>Perishing of his very clear Shrek City means anything, although in his heart already hopes that can the Shrek City genuine control, actually never think wanted destruction inheritance of Twenty-thousand Years Continent first Academy.</p>

<p>Although Shrek Academy is the neutrality, but he without a doubt is also protecting Continent, is the mainstay of Douluo Continent genuine.</p>

<p>Let alone, the Shrek Academy students spread around the world. Shrek City perishes in should by Parliament strict protection two Kill the Gods, Parliament Duty-bound Responsibility. Not only his official career arrived at the end point, perhaps entire Federation Parliament a confusion. Even entire Continent is so.</p>

<p>„, Looks up to me immediately. Three Kill the Gods situations, go quickly!”</p>

<p>The speaker lets the own calm several points reluctantly, is issuing a series of orders, although he knows that this was unable to recall anything. Shrek City Ruin, will let him facing the entire Continent most terrifying pressure.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Why? Why! You told me, why!” Heavenly Phoenix Douluo Leng Yaozhu both eyes are red, the a pair of white hands fall on front table, has a bang, that uses many alloy manufacture, the firm table changes into the powder pink / white extremely instantaneously.</p>

<p>After the table, is standing a middle-aged person , he look is tall handsome, bridge of the nose tall Ting, the eye is slightly small, the body is sending out a formidable deterrent force.</p>

<p>Looks at front eyes scarlet-red Leng Yaozhu, his brow tight wrinkle, „Yaozhu, you calmly. This matter was really too sudden, I did not have the clue. Actually how, but also after must undergo investigation, can be clear.”</p>

<p>„Eternal Dongfeng, you, when I am a three -year-old child? Doesn't your what person I know? Even if that Holy Spirit Cult eyes direct access to the highest authorities, can obtain Kill the Gods easily? Can so easily enters Shrek City so numerous Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell arrangements? Does not have you to support secretly, how to be possible? Are you, you!”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Leng Yaozhu lifts finger front this Present Generation Spirit Transferring Pagoda Pagoda Master, one generation of big energies, upbraid with Eternal Dongfeng that Sky Raising Douluo shares the honor said.</p>

<p>Eternal Dongfeng complexion sinks, „Yaozhu, you are my Spirit Transferring Pagoda Vice Pagoda Master, how can the arm elbow turn outward. Let alone, can this matter have the relations with me? You have forgotten, our Spirit Transferring Pagoda founder Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao once was that generation of Shrek Seven Monsters, our Spirit Transferring Pagoda was Shrek Academy not any conflict, my why strategic point they? Let alone, Spirit Transferring Pagoda is I can decide?”</p>

<p>Here, his expression has relaxed several points slightly, sudden that too „Yaozhu, this matter had, I now am also badly battered, am confused. Who can think that Holy Spirit Cult was unexpectedly bold to so the degree, initiative attack Shrek Academy and Tang Sect General Headquarters. Holy Spirit Cult was formidable, has the advantage to us? I can only be like grieve for like. Now must do, saves the sick and wounded, simultaneously seeks for the Holy Spirit Cult trail, All-Out to go to copes with them. I know that the Yun Ming death attacks to you very in a big way, I am also very regrettable. But, this matter, we must treat calmly.”</p>

<p>„Calm? How calm did you make me?” Leng Yaozhu aura obvious some are not steady, „Eternal Dongfeng, do not let me know that this matter is related with you, otherwise, even if puts together the life not to want, I must with your fight in which both sides perish.” Spoke these words, Leng Yaozhu leaves in a huff. Only leaves behind the stern-faced Spirit Transferring Pagoda host.</p>

<p>Gazes after Leng Yaozhu to depart, Eternal Dongfeng complexion ugly as if must drop the water leakage. His of course knows why Leng Yaozhu will question own. In the past, he once pursued the Leng Yaozhu many years, but Leng Yaozhu is actually persistent to that Yun Ming. Married Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li to afterward Yun Ming, Leng Yaozhu has never forgotten to him as before, even lifelong has not married.</p>

<p>These years, Spirit Transferring Pagoda and Shrek Academy become estranged day after day, many are because they this intriguing relations.</p>

<p>„Pagoda Master.” A leaf of side gate opens, a look ordinary actually appears terse very middle-aged person half step walks, arrives at side Eternal Dongfeng.</p>

<p>„Situation how?”</p>

<p>„Shrek Academy all extinguishes, does not have one person to return alive. It is said that Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters also in Academy. The Yun Ming final time from the position of broken Demi-God Gods, had the prestige of Gods temporarily, melted most parts to be divided two Kill the Gods destructive power. Letting Shrek City can have 50% people to live. But as the explosion center, Shrek Academy and Tang Sect General Headquarters, does not have the living witness. They even also supplemented 9th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell to Shrek Academy that side, as sweeps clear finally. However, this Holy Spirit Cult is the loss is also serious.”</p>

<p>„To start two Kill the Gods, they have offered sacrifices about 20 Soul Douluo rank Evil Soul Master Life, several hundred Mid Rank Evil Soul Master. Yun Ming strikes at the point of death, broke their World Exterminating Skeleton, runs away besides the Holy Spirit Cult host, Holy Spirit Cult has eight Titled Douluo Fallen fully, it can be said that had a fracture.”</p>

<p>Eternal Dongfeng both eyes narrow the eyes, reveals the color of satisfaction unexpectedly, „was very good, Yun Ming has not really disappointed me. Even if this Holy Spirit Cult concealment Ten-thousand Years, the accumulation is so rich. Has planned Shrek Academy such in secret, has paid finally such huge price. Mutually wounded, is the best result. You get down, All-Out organized Foundation Pagoda Elite as scheduled, searched for the Holy Spirit Cult evil trails, once were discovered that executed summarily. Now at this time, must our standpoint clear performance. This Shrek City thorough Fallen, the Parliament aspect decides however cannot bear the pressure to announce dismisses, while this opportunity, we must fight for the Parliament seat.”</p>

<p>„The Pagoda Master illustrious name, answers multiple purpose.” In the middle-aged human eye reveals the admiration of having planting.</p>

<p>Eternal Dongfeng let somebody cool off or calm down looked at his one eyes, „what was answers multiple purpose? Our anything has not done. Regarding Shrek City Fallen, I also feel very regrettable.”</p>

<p>The middle-aged people are understanding immediately, hurry to nod, said: „Yes. We are also regrettable regarding the Shrek Academy bitter experience.”</p>

<p>„Um, goes. Waits a minute me to issue the Spirit Transferring Pagoda warrant for arrest, issues a warrant for arrest all Evil Soul Master. How you know should the concerted action. Remember, do not leave behind any tail. Meanwhile, making the human monitor the cold Vice Pagoda Master whereabouts, do not make her make the matter.”</p>

<p>„Yes.”</p>

<p>The middle-aged people retreated. Eternal Dongfeng arrives at the bedside, looks out out of the window the white clouds of piece by piece, both eyes is narrowing the eyes, looking pensive.</p>

<p>......</p>

  </body>
</html>