<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="859">#859: Six big Elite</h2>
<p>Although Continent Soul Guidance Technology highly is now developed, the Soul Master status had been inferior before Ten-thousand Years, was so lofty. But on Douluo Continent, Soul Master is noblest profession, this point has not changed after all.</p>

<p>Everyone awakens Martial Soul when six years old, all the hope and was praying own can become Soul Master. Most people turn over to disappointedly, but in their mind, the Soul Master status stands one's ground steadfastly throughout.</p>

<p>When side them, sees with one's own eyes Eight Rings Soul Douluo stage Soul Master appear(ance), when feels his formidable strength and dignity, time besides feeling to be startled, fear, what are more is curious and frantic.</p>

<p>Must know, High Rank Soul Master is not easy to see! This is Eight Rings Soul Douluo, in entire Continent Soul Master can arrange on number existence. Moreover, at present this Soul Master the great strength of strength, not only Soul Douluo is so simple, is he Tang Sect person, Tang Sect Battle Member?</p>

<p>Tang Sect Battle Soul Hall, is not everyone knows, as long as is person who knows, is clear, Federation War God Temple, Tang Sect Battle Soul Hall, this is on Continent the illustrious Soul Master association, the overall strength is quite formidable.</p>

<p>Moreover Twenty-thousand Years of Tang Sect able to move unhindered on Continent, has the extremely positive status, the initial Tang Sect ancestor, one generation of person outstanding Tang San, are now Spirit Transferring Pagoda founder Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao, all stems from Tang Sect.</p>

<p>Compares in Soul Master, Tang Sect has some mysterious nature and noble feelings. Therefore, when Tang Wulin indicates the status, the resentfulness of people innermost feelings these cause trouble turned into the complex mood.</p>

<p>„Why you and you catch me. We are look for Blacksmith Association to ask for an explanation. Even if you are the Tang Sect person, you cannot falsely accuse the good person.” Was stressed that person in hand also to try to argue by Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„He is Blacksmith Association sends radically. Everybody do not believe him.” Compared with far place, by Blue Silver Emperor Bind the scoundrel is also clamors.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sneers, „why I told you to catch you quickly. First, I must ask everybody, anyone of you knows the person who in my hand grabs.”</p>

<p>Although these several people were clamoring, but how Tang Wulin to be dazzling by Eight Soul Rings that Camouflage Technique released, people are not excited.</p>

<p>Stands said in Tang Wulin side not far away people: „Did not know. A little unfamiliar.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sinking sound track: „These several people, a moment ago made ominously. Heaven Dou City met with the disaster, is the times of ten thousand numerous disaster relief, they actually instigate everybody to come to cause trouble. Right, scoundrel who these launch the attack truly once had been to Blacksmith Association, but everybody thinks calmly that they come Blacksmith Association to mean they are the Blacksmith Association people? The scoundrel does not know that has to monitor this type of thing in our Heaven Dou City? We push toward front again, supposed that these scoundrels have been to the dining room, has lived in Hotel, the dining room and Hotel are their connivances. Perhaps everybody also has to do business, where if they have been to your, means you and they are one group?”</p>

<p>These people who „I hold, incite everybody mood intentionally, in this need the moment that works as one resisting natural calamities difficultly, to rebuild one's homeland. What mentality are they such will do?”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Tang Wulin holds in that person of ear to pinch in the own hand, uncovers miniature communications device to come, „everybody has a look, this is anything, this is miniature communications device, is not very expensive, 30,000 federation coin(s) one sets. Moreover this type is the Advanced model, anti-jamming ability is very good, should add in 50,000 to 60,000 federation coin(s). Excuse me, as an average person, you needs this type of thing? You can begin personally, in these person of ears that since I grasp looks, look has this communications device.”</p>

<p>The people that also the public sentiment was roused to action become somewhat are immediately noisy, some busybodies had found communications device from these person of ears quickly, and has lifted up high high.</p>

<p>„Has, has, seems is the same.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, the general situation has decided.</p>

<p>„They instigate everybody to come to cause trouble, his heart may execute, in my opinion, they most have the possibility and scoundrel are one group. Then, I give the police them, I believe that after they carry on the careful interrogation, certainly will have the result. Heaven Dou City was hit by a such serious disaster, I know that everybody is very sad, but for this reason, we should not make the kissing painful enmity quick matter of!”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Tang Wulin restrains Soul Ring, simultaneously beckons toward the police, with the help of people, the person of looking ashen gathered these several.</p>

<p>„, I am not a scoundrel, I am not a scoundrel. Some people to me money, let me these words, leading everybody to cause trouble.” A willpower not firm rioter collapsed finally.</p>

<p>Everyone knows that what if was determined as this terrorist attack scoundrel to be going to face is anything.</p>

<p>A person collapses, immediately, other people also start willpower to become less crowded. The surroundings people are in an uproar.</p>

<p>The matter developed this degree, the Tang Wulin goal has also achieved, while the police handled this matter time, he withdrew from the crowd quietly, from one side bypassed, arrived at the Blacksmith Association back door directly, simultaneously has dialed the Zhen Hua telephone.</p>

<p>The telephone sound gets up, the ear hears the Zhen Hua frank laughter, „knows that is your boy, when learned camouflage, looks you released Eight Soul Rings time, but also really frightened me to jump.”</p>

<p>„? You know that I came!” Tang Wulin surprised [say / way].</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said with a smile: „Your this boy! Good, first came to say again. I have made the human meet you.”</p>

<p>The free time who spoken, the back door opens, inside goes out of the person who seems somewhat familiar actually cannot name the character. Tang Wulin hurried.</p>

<p>In his heart some surprise, listen to sounds/voices from communications device slightly, the Senior Teacher mood is not as if bad! Outside noisily becomes this, what reaction doesn't he have? This mentality may really be good.</p>

<p>Rides the elevator, arrives at the Zhen Hua location floor directly. Enters the Zhen Hua office, Tang Wulin had a scare.</p>

<p>In the Divine Craftsman Zhen Hua office may, not only a person, six people, besides Zhen Hua, Tang Wulin are quite familiar, that is his another Teacher(s), Innate Body Sect Sect Master Mu Ye.</p>

<p>Sees Tang Wulin to walk, Mu Ye cannot bear ridicule saying: „Your this brat, comes back to go bad our good deeds. Visits you to release Blue Silver Grass, I have not recognized you to come.”</p>

<p>„Teacher(s), Senior Teacher.” Tang Wulin somewhat cannot feel the brains.</p>

<p>Besides these two, moreover four person two male two females of sitting, seem are the appearances of middle-aged person.</p>

<p>And a middle-aged person somewhat helpless [say / way]: „Good fishing motion, has not then incurred.”</p>

<p>Fishing moves, Tang Wulin understands suddenly that surprised [say / way]: „These people, below causes trouble, is you arranges?”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua loses says with a smile: „That, we are actually not bored. But is thwarts that's all. Holy Spirit Cult asked some average people to cause trouble, the goal nothing but directed me, after I exited, found the way to attack me again. But can be sent to sneak attack my person, thinks in Holy Spirit Cult can some status. Our is coordinating them to act in a play. When waits for the people to rush to our large door mouth, even bursts, is I should exit. Was makes your boy destroying. Others see a Soul Douluo rank Soul Master appear(ance), even to cope with me, definitely will change the plan.”</p>

<p>--------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>