<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="764">#764: Gu Yue, do you love me?</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin actually shook the head, then looks at Gu Yue, „I do not take one minute, so long as I asked that her issue was enough.”</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, in this world, I have only loved a female student, that is you. Do you love me?”</p>

<p>He once some countless words wants to say to her , when he really facing, can say has these words. Also only then these words were enough, he needs, is an answer, can let his reckless answer, or makes him walk into another world the answer.</p>

<p>His right hand lifts, the palm turns out, shining scales the wrist place that reveals from the clothes has spread to the entire palm, shining Sharp Claws appear(ance), the five fingers back off, Sharp Claws points to above the own top of the head.</p>

<p>A strong courage vigor fluctuation beyond description bursts out from him suddenly, in that intense bloodline aura appear(ance) instant, presents all has Dragon-Type Martial Soul Soul Master to be all stuffy snort, complexion pale white, even if Long Yue is no exception.</p>

<p>How possible? His was Qi and Blood so why formidable?</p>

<p>The Long Yue whole face with amazement, he believes that after these three years assiduous cultivate, own has achieved another stage. Three years ago Tang Wulin, 1 vs 1 completely is not the own match. Even if the strength of his bloodline truly can suppress own some, but if no help of Gu Yue, he is impossible to defeat own.</p>

<p>But three years later today, that is impossible, own is Two Word Battle Armor Master, is present age Elite. Even if facing Titled Douluo, as if had strength of the spelling.</p>

<p>But, in this time, when that fellow blooms own bloodline aura, Long Yue actually with amazement discovered that own within the body that nearly madness the strength of bloodline under his Qi and Blood fluctuation suppression, appear(ance) the intense submitting to feeling, as if wanted his thought that own within the body the strength of bloodline to be separated from own to go unexpectedly, submits to before him.</p>

<p>Three years ago compares, his bloodline aura did not know formidable many times! Is this possible? bloodline aura of person formidable to so degree?</p>

<p>„Elder brother, does not want!” Na'er screamed one, but she actually does not dare to move. She can clear seeing, on that Golden Dragon Claw [gold/metal] turnover, Tang Wulin only need the palm to fall to below slightly, can scratch and tear the head of own.</p>

<p>„I only need to know the answer, that answer in your heart, clear answer. Do not deceive me, from your look, from your bloodline, I can feel you what whether said is the truth.” Tang Wulin vision brilliant looks at Gu Yue, the slightest does not let.</p>

<p>Gu Yue visits him dull, tears no longer flow.</p>

<p>Suddenly, her whole person as if collapsed, tears flood that nod that she makes an effort, just stopped, her whole person could not bear squat on the lotus leaf, she could not speak, was only the nod, was only nod of effort.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has smiled, he has smiled proud, the right hand puts down, one step steps forward, he arrived in front of her.</p>

<p>He has drawn from lotus leaf her, drags into the bosom of own. Resounds with spirited dragon roar, appear(ance) of a colossus under the Tang Wulin body, has gone against him and her body.</p>

<p>That colossus sturdy powerful hind legs support under Sea God lake water, huge body, only the part of dew beside Sea God lake level of the lake, has exceeded 50 meters.</p>

<p>That is Tyrannosaurus, huge Tyrannosaurus, but it does not seem like Soul Spirit, but likely is real unyielding existence.</p>

<p>weighty black scales, the giant eye pupil of scarlet, that terrifying to the Peak huge body, appears its formidable to be incomparable all, land dragon first powerful strength.</p>

<p>The Long Yue strength is strong, his Mountain Dragon King is also only Martial Soul, but Tang Wulin was summons real Tyrannosaurus to be ordinary likely, moreover was not general Tyrannosaurus, under shining of light, on its jet black scales had dark-gold luster to be partly visible faintly.</p>

<p>Gu Yue buries pretty face in the Tang Wulin shoulder, both arms tight is hugging him. When she saw that Tang Wulin stands erect Golden Dragon Claw on his own, for many years in the innermost feelings has been tying tight that string broke finally. The thorough break, she cannot constrain that emotion of heart of hearts again, is unable the eruption of Control, incisive divulges in the tears.</p>

<p>How she possibly forgot that once point point Di Di, forgot with him in together that warmth time and time again. Facing the danger, keeping off that he is always duty-bound not to turn back before the own body, how all can forget?</p>

<p>Person non- vegetation!</p>

<p>If initial close because of certain goals, may along with the passage of time, all goals in influencing subtly vanishes.</p>

<p>Although she knows obviously own should not like this, at the beginning not care, she believes the own Control strength. When she faints from fear all already starts to be separated from Control, late, all already late.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin form, already did deep taking root in her innermost feelings most deep place, want to dispel is also easier said than done?</p>

<p>Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, when she saw his appear(ance) in opposite that flickers, her mood nearly is unable to restrain oneself. She used how huge energy to restrain the own innermost feelings the emotion!</p>

<p>She knows, even if own admits defeat, should not with him in together, otherwise, all will come under his influence.</p>

<p>Therefore she is not willing to uncover the surface, from beginning to end is not willing. She even a little hopes that he can love another.</p>

<p>But when, he said that words, she knows that own made a mistake. While having tears streaming down the face, in the innermost feelings has actually filled happily.</p>

<p>All cannot, in he raises Golden Dragon Claw finally that flicker the collapse. At this moment, she only wants closely to hug him, walks arm in arm, in he cherishes, feels that for the past three years has not been feeling warm bosom.</p>

<p>She cries carefree dripping, innermost feelings all accumulating Yu in this flash as if all vanishes do not have the trail. She is not willing to think anything again, at this moment, she only wants to be a woman peacefully.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin closely is hugging her, his heart sudden one enriched, was seeing she had tears streaming down the face that flickered, he knows that she likes own as before, time cannot reduce the half minute she to his sentiment. Initially these injured his words, but was her mask. Why must put on these mask as for her, important? Now is important?</p>

<p>Dai Yun'er dull supine beginning, looks two people that in that Mighty Dragon top of the head closely supports, she suddenly thought that own appear(ance) that unnecessary. She does not hate him, just as such that he said that they know was too late.</p>

<p>Na'er has not cried, not sad, she is smiling, very happy is smiling, fills gratified smiling. Nobody knows that she in smiling anything, because of this time, sees on her face the person of smiling face, very few.</p>

<p>„Ritual becomes, congratulates Wulin and Gu Yue reason decides three to live, wishing you to be able Hundred Year to be good to gather.” Lan Muzi sounds/voices resounds through the audience.</p>

<p>At this time, should arrive at the time of carrying off a girl to be one's wife, but early has prepared for act Long Yue, why actually did not know, is unable to take the own step.</p>

<p>In front of formidable bloodline aura that on that huge Tyrannosaurus and Tang Wulin send out, his point is unable to start the thought that must begin unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Moreover, this is not own wants to see? He eventually not with Yun'er in the same place.</p>

<p>Subconscious, he looked at Xu Mi'er, looks to the young girls of that firm even some violence, he actually with amazement discovered that tears quietly falls from the Xu Mi'er eye, she looks at the two on Tyrannosaurus top of the head, has flowed off the affected tears unexpectedly. Also in this flickers, the heart of Long Yue has affected suddenly, seemed touched by any thing. But this feeling for him, is unprecedented.</p>

<p>----------------</p>

<p>Whenever quarrelled with the wife, she will ask me suddenly, did you love me? Then, I lost......</p>

<p>Asked the recommendation ticket. The sentimental play supports is actually not good to write, but must prepare the ground to the future. Everybody generous support Little Tang. Thank You (xiexie).( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>