<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="821">#821: I teach you!</h2>
<p>Nightmare Old Devil contemptuous [say / way]: ‚We are the ghost, ghost also feared that the ghost is inadequate? The threat does not have any function for me, handles a meaningful matter. Well what let you do? Um, this, you go to a shore North Sea Corps, steals aircraft to open again.’</p>

<p>Steals aircraft? Why does not know, after listening to this order, in the Tang Wulin heart relaxed slightly, the situation that because this must face the companions is much better. At least does not let the matter that the human collapses.</p>

<p>„Ok, but, I will not open aircraft.” The Tang Wulin sinking sound said.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil said: „This simple! I teach you!”</p>

<p>„Do you teach me?” Tang Wulin has gawked staring, will on the island on Thousand Years old devil(s), open aircraft?</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil said: „You cannot suspect that my ability, cannot suspect my intelligence quotient. Yeah, can make the matter that we are interested in few. Come, I teach you to open aircraft. Then, you go to steal aircraft to come back to me.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not have chooses. After 20 minutes, he saw aircraft, Sky Flyer 17, that puts up them to open, turned into Sky Flyer of hood 17.</p>

<p>Looks at front Soul Guidance aircraft, Tang Wulin realized suddenly an issue, cannot bear ask: „Nightmare Old Devil, I learned to open aircraft, opened this aircraft to go, had no way a person to drive two aircraft to open!”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil principle of course [say / way]: „Who made you drive two aircraft to open, I will deliver you, then your own opened aircraft to come back on the line. Devil Island how you come, how can the north regiment go.”</p>

<p>„?” Tang Wulin dumbfounded visits him, Devil Island how to come? Airborne! Also lands to return to the northern regiment?</p>

<p>Are the northern regiment various types of radars ornaments? If own goes back, first time will be discovered that that can also have well?</p>

<p>„Do not be surprised, your own tries to find the solution. You can steal aircraft to run from the north regiment, doesn't have second time means? Good, on aircraft.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Nightmare Old Devil has arrived in front of aircraft, sees only his hand to wield, unexpectedly appear(ance) black steps, direct connection the place of cockpit. From him, Tang Wulin has not felt any Soul Power to fluctuate, but all these that take shape naturally.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil stepped onto aircraft, Tang Wulin sits the copilot.</p>

<p>„I simply speaking, then leads you to realize the aircraft pleasure first.” In the Nightmare Old Devil look flashes through one to be full of the Evil happy expression. At that moment, he narrated a Soul Guidance aircraft flying principle to Tang Wulin simply, as well as the primary function of each button.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin will control Mecha, on the other hand, the Mecha control in fact be more complex than Soul Guidance aircraft. When controls Mecha, not only need control various types of buttons, meanwhile must coordinate the motion of Mecha through some own body movements. aircraft does not need obviously such troublesome, so long as controlled various buttons and types of Control poles is OK.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin earnest is studying, quick wrote down.</p>

<p>„Remembered?” Old Devil asked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nodded, „remembered basically.”</p>

<p>„Is very good. Then, I lead you to experience now!” Nightmare Old Devil was saying at the same time, waves, in the aircraft front, cyclopian riprap appear(ance) originally Transformation, the quarry stone sank suddenly slowly, jet black such as the band of light of black ink extends to the distant place, changes into the runway.</p>

<p>In the Nightmare Old Devil mouth exudes one to be similar to the cheers of young people, starts Sky Flyer 17 aircraft rapidly, is operating the Control button on aircraft skilled, draws the Control pole, Sky Flyer 17 slides slowly, starts to accelerate gradually.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin very vigilant has fastened the safety belt to own, a not too wonderful feeling in next quarter on appear(ance).</p>

<p>The Sky Flyer 17 rear area turbine wheel injection orifices burst out orange-red flame , to promote aircraft to accelerate instantaneously suddenly, terrifying pushing back feeling Tang Wulin pressure maliciously on chair, next one flickers, Sky Flyer 17 have soared. speed of this launching does not know that be quicker than on many Xie Xie. As if no including reaction time, immediately already take-off.</p>

<p>In the Nightmare Old Devil mouth is sending out ear-piercing smiles strangely, joystick to the end, Sky Flyer 17 skyrocket directly at the same time, deviated path originally gradually, unexpectedly came one to fly high the empty to turn directly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thinks dizzy, where time could not distinguish clearly completely is Sky, where is a ground.</p>

<p>He only thought that Nightmare Old Devil both hands illusory the rhythm on the control stage, then Sky Flyer 17 after the backward somersault, immediately to the flank barrel, the continual tumbling as if must turn over completely in internal organs of Tang Wulin, is having intense assault and dizziness, aircraft from the sky shuttles back and forth.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Saw. If not obedient, that is the consequence. This dense fog puts, finally you can definitely be able to imagine.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie dumbfounded looks at front Nightmare Old Devil, he wishes one could to rip fragment(s) this fellow. Especially what sees in that picture side stupor Yuan En Yehui to lie down is Tang Wulin time. The extreme fear made him cannot help but shiver.</p>

<p>„You and you cannot such do, cannot such do. You are what kind, I promise you......”</p>

<p>On the Nightmare Old Devil face is revealing the color of Evil, „is very simple, helping me steal aircraft to come back. Opens aircraft? I teach you well, visits you to come time that waste appearance, six aircraft gave you airborne caught, simply was the waste cannot again the waste.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„You!” In the Ye Xinglan hand Star Divine Sword ray of light is radiant, but she is not the first time is patted to be in-situ by front Nightmare Old Devil. Looks picture that at present Nightmare Old Devil releases, her double cheek lump of red, the tender body does not shiver on own initiative.</p>

<p>„Your this is only illusion, I do not believe! Moreover, you Wulin and Lizhi put together, can they be what kind of? Even if your is the anesthetics, they cannot......”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil hey said with a smile: „Can't really? You do not know, between the man and man, can actually......”</p>

<p>„Let alone, I promised you......”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Vomits......” Tang Wulin on one knee to kneel on the ground, has spat for dozen minutes. Even if so, the brain as before is dizzy, in the belly is overwhelming.</p>

<p>He never has such uncomfortably, even if breaks through Golden Dragon King Seal the time not so painful. Nightmare Old Devil led him to fly for one hour. But this hour of time, he has shown the Sky Flyer 17 all limit controls to Tang Wulin, so long as is aircraft itself can achieve, Tang Wulin has all experienced.</p>

<p>Even if his body intensity far supernormal person, after this terrifying High-speed assault and tumbling, could not withstand as before.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil stands before his body not far away, „waste. Looks at your prospect, my old person such big age has been all right, what appearance do you have a look at your likely? Quickly gets up, we come again! Your rested was longer. Not being able to get up words, I must put the gas cloud to your companion.”</p>

<p>„You......”</p>

<p>So three times......</p>

<p>strength as if has been far away from Tang Wulin to go, he only thought that own is ignorant, the whole person looked like the powder has put up. The body is soft, strength cannot use. complexion pale white like paper. He has not wanted to spit now, because simply does not have the thing that anything can spit.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil raised him to get down aircraft, threw toward the ground, own has moved the body, smiling thought aloud: „For a long time did not have this carefree dripping feeling. Why looks the appearance that your pain I so am happy? You said that I am a little mental issue!”</p>

<p>----------------------------------</p>

<p>Sorry, reason that today really has having no other choice. Renewal late, two chapters of Lian Geng.</p>

  </body>
</html>