<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="870">#870: Solidization Soul Skill possibility</h2>
<p>The people look at each other in blank diamay, Xu Xiaoyan is calls out in alarm said: „heavens! Boss, you will have this one month to close up next time again can promote the strength the good matter certainly to lead us massively! Saint Craftsman, Soul Refinement? To say that you can build Three Word Battle Armor metal(s) to us?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „Also was short, after all I just entered this stage, but also needs time to improve. Moreover, even if can build for everybody now, you have more than enough. Does not have Seven Rings to cultivate is, not having Martial Soul avatar to take foundation, possibly has not used Battle Armor that the Soul Refinement metal(s) manufacture becomes. Therefore, we cannot aim too high, completes our Two Word Battle Armor. However, has Soul Refinement to take the background words, I planned to everybody Two Word Battle Armor time, completes at least four metal(s) Harmonizing Refinement, lets our Battle Armor far ultra same level stage level. Two Word Battle Armor besides Wings, but can also Solidization Soul Skill, moreover not by Martial Soul limit Soul Skill. You can think clearly, best is we each other can, mutual portray.”</p>

<p>Behavior Solidization Soul Skill, can through Battle Armor special Nucleus method, any Soul Skill Solidization, the Soul Skill might cultivate with Soul Master for as well as Battle Armor itself related, of course, to Three Word Battle Armor time, this Solidization Soul Skill can be many.</p>

<p>For example, Tang Wulin Soul Skill can Solidization on Xie Xie Battle Armor this. This need has the Soul Master All-Out coordination of Soul Skill to be good.</p>

<p>„Boss, I wanted Solidization you a moment ago ability of that claw.” Xie Xie immediately saying without hesitation.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin laughs in spite of trying not to immediately, beauty that „you think, first did not say my is the bloodline Soul Ring technique, now has not known to be able Solidization, even if, you do not have my strength and my Golden Dragon Fearful Claw take the amplification. To you, that is not quite suitable. In you, has Yuan En strength to be able to display my Golden Dragon Solitude Destruction Claws majority of mighty energy, can consider Solidization. of course, but must in Solidization, the attempt whether to use my this bloodline Soul Ring technique.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin continues saying: „I estimate or have the opportunity . Moreover, Spiritual Alloy metal(s) species are more, the itself supporting capacity is also bigger, our Solidization Teacher(s) some Soul Skill are not impossible. Below Seven Rings, should be able to choose. But should better with Soul Skill that own own ability agrees with mutually, such amplification effect will be best.”</p>

<p>Two Word Battle Armor and One Word Battle Armor completely are two concepts, strict, after must wait till Two Word Battle Armor, is genuine Battle Armor Master. of course, Tang Wulin their this Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor was exceptional.</p>

<p>At this time, Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui broke through Six Rings, completely had load bearing Two Word Battle Armor foundation, Soul Power of other people also differed not many.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi is especially excited, if he can have Two Word Battle Armor, so long as Solidization easy-to-use attack kind of Soul Skill, is qualitative leaps to his strength absolutely, can fight finally.</p>

<p>„Was good, we hit again, everybody All-Out to go. Only by doing so, what can make me see clearly your following Battle Armor most to need is anything.” Tang Wulin smiles was saying.</p>

<p>Although now they are not suitable to use Soul Refinement metal(s) manufacture Battle Armor, but has Soul Refinement background, Tang Wulin completes four types self-confidently is five metal(s) Spiritual Alloy issues is not even big. of course, when manufacture Spiritual Alloy, but must consider that everybody wants Solidization Battle Armor Soul Skill properties.</p>

<p>This had Super Rank Blacksmith advantage location when manufacture Battle Armor. To behind, the function of Blacksmith was more important.</p>

<p>Changes into the ordinary Blacksmith words, completed Spirit Refinement to be very reluctant, but Spirit Refinement has been able manufacture Two Word Battle Armor. May be able be imagined regarding the Battle Armor Soul Skill supporting capacity. Some many Two Word Battle Armor because of own qualitative issue, do not even have means Solidization Battle Armor Soul Skill.</p>

<p>Reason that Zhen Hua shakes Continent, all parties must to him the face, because of Battle Armor to the later period, Four Word Battle Armor want to complete Peak, needs this Divine Craftsman All-Out to go.</p>

<p>If Tang Wulin now emits the wind, said that own is Saint Craftsman, then, wants to make money in Shrek Academy, absolutely was the easy matter.</p>

<p>Feng Wuyu is Titled Douluo, is not good to do, but he is young, Soul Master of course is willing to work with him.</p>

<p>Xie Xie moves sideways, arrived at side Tang Wulin, arrives really took two pairs of five times, he somewhat was worried that said in a low voice: „Boss, are we good? My Battle Armor has not replied to complete, perhaps I could not help you be too many!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shot a look at his one eyes ill-humoredly, „is the strength of spirit a little good? Yuan En may look.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie smiles, „has your me to be confident! Boss, come, making them know that the flower like this is why red.”</p>

<p>The Le Zhengyu eyebrow selects, „who makes whom know that the flower like this is why red has not said.”</p>

<p>Both sides retreat, two pairs five, the quantity is disparate.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui, Ye Xinglan and Le Zhengyu three people before, Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi two people., Five people directly have put without hesitation on Battle Armor.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Battle Armor has not escaped, facing five companion, his expression also became very serious. This war may not be relaxed like before.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi started to recite the incantation, Steamed Stuffed Bun manufacture come out unceasingly, Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun and Puncture fork gets a swelled head, Hard Crystal Bun, looks at such, is preparation every.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin gives a loud shout, „starts!” He cannot wait for Xu Lizhi to complete Steamed Stuffed Bun, in that case, their opportunity did not have.</p>

<p>Personal appearance suddenly to dodge, Tang Wulin flushed, Xie Xie moves sideways, hid in him behind vanishes.</p>

<p>This time Tang Wulin, felt obviously in own behind sharp air/Qi in unceasing is increasing sharply, moves Storing Power? This fellow formerly lost to own, the primary cause also is really came from in bloodline!</p>

<p>Since with Yuan En, Xie Xie is never together lax, not being able to withstand that in fact, his fighting strength original non- today displays.</p>

<p>Becoming the allied force, the feeling of Xie Xie also and formerly faced Tang Wulin time was completely different, because no longer is hostile, he feels Tang Wulin bloodline fluctuation to make own bloodline obviously extremely stimulated, moves the Storing Power process usually to be much quicker.</p>

<p>Although the strength of his bloodline cannot increase the strength directly, but bloodline is exuberant, can actually make his own strength display 120%.</p>

<p>This was the disparity. Let alone, Tang Wulin also has to be able simultaneously to strengthen their ability.</p>

<p>Even if facing five people, Tang Wulin is as before unprecedented, the whole person looks like Mighty Dragon, is showing the fang to the match.</p>

<p>At this moment, ray of light suddenly appear(ance) in his front road which must be taken. In Tang Wulin heart one startled, body shifts instantaneously, does not allow to send in the middle changes the position.</p>

<p>Star Wheel Ice Chain quietly appear(ance), if he is slow a racket, must be lived by Star Wheel Ice Chain Bind, that tenable anchorage effect, will make absolutely his imposing manner plummet immediately. Even if so, because fends, the Tang Wulin charge imposing manner weakened several points.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui has filled Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun to the own mouth, welcomed. In the Le Zhengyu hand Holy Sword condenses once more, Holy Sword lifts up high, Trial of Light drops from the clouds together, chops Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Five pairs two, they have the absolute superiority, before fight way (of life) also nature, was different.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui eats up Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun not to calculate that the backhand catches Xu Lizhi with Hard Crystal Bun that the Tang Sect Hidden Weapons technique throws, is squeezes in the own mouth, the whole body shone crystal luster immediately, defense increased.</p>

<p>Star-time Chains also in this are their five people links, a five body.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin corners of the mouth twitched slightly, were many Xu Xiaoyan with Xu Lizhi, is really is different! If two pairs three, he has the absolute assurance to win, but two pairs five, completely were not that a matter.</p>

<p>After Xu Xiaoyan has released Star Wheel Chains with a smile, toward Tang Wulin one finger, Tang Wulin subconscious has made fending, but this time is anything has not actually occurred.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan spits the tongue to him, a winning smile of face is sweet.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, suddenly, before his left leg cross, the right arm to behind unbends, Golden Dragon Spear changes into together the golden-colored lightning, directly soars Xu Xiaoyan direction suddenly to launch to go.</p>

<p>Must know that now Tang Wulin strength can describe with terrifying absolutely, in addition his own Battle Armor amplification and Golden Dragon Body amplification. The Golden Dragon Spear itself terrifying destructive power, treats as to throw the spear to project, its mighty energy, even if Seven Rings Soul Saint, must facing be earnestly good.</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. Told everybody a good news, our «For Your I Am willing To deeply love the Entire world» soap opera approximately in April starting. It is expected that can meet with everybody at earliest at the end of this year.</p>

  </body>
</html>