<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="795">#795: Conquering the enemy</h2>
<p>Blazing Dragon Flame has swept, stays behind has ashes. Dragon Clan Dragon Flame is not Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces fire element of inspiring outside, but is pregnant in own special flame, high of temperature, but must by far above Gu Yue initial blue flame Fireball(s).</p>

<p>Why bother, at the Tyrannosaurus Life intensity, flame that he emits one time in the magnitude is also extremely formidable!</p>

<p>Starlight Radiance can irreversible letting person stagnate for one second, is this second of time, has decided Life of countless person. The situation almost reverses instantaneously.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan Control had not finished. golden-colored ring of light is almost in an instant on appear(ance), in that had been pounded under the Skeleton Evil Soul Master body that flies. He just restored from Starlight Radiance, feels the severe pain of body. The body by Star Wheel Ice Chain Bind, same place could not be being been moving.</p>

<p>Time that Yuan En Yehui beforehand dual hammers pounds, happen to pounds to fly in Tang Wulin here direction him. Because she saw at that time that Tang Wulin has solved the own match, is catching up toward here. Although their not too clear Tang Wulin this Tyrannosaurus is any ghost. But they have the absolute confidence to the Tang Wulin strength.</p>

<p>Therefore, when body of that Skeleton Evil Soul Master once more by anchorage, he helplessly saw that a colossus arrived in front of own.</p>

<p>The tail of Tyrannosaurus goes up, before a pair of , the claw draws in the front, an extremely sturdy both legs pad step, then jumped.</p>

<p>At its huge body, this jumps, seems unexpectedly a little gruff feeling, seemed not so ominously is severe the look.</p>

<p>But in the Skeleton Evil Soul Master eye reveals, is actually desperate!</p>

<p>Over 60 meters in height, the body majestic drops from the clouds just like the colossus of mountain.</p>

<p>The Skeleton Evil Soul Master height ten meters, were very huge. But ten meters high and 60 meters high, but compares from the volume, differed that is not six times, 60 times continued.</p>

<p>The Tyrannosaurus most terrifying place is his formidable incomparable body, finally can be imagined.</p>

<p>„!” In a series of skeleton break sound, Skeleton Evil Soul Master turned into one pile of fragment(s).</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui dual hammers brandishes, looked for the Le Zhengyu opposite directly by darkness horseman that Trial of Light covered. Without doubt, the balance of victory inclined.</p>

<p>That hides on the following clown Evil Soul Master face reveals color of the shock, when Tyrannosaurus steps on has broken to pieces the Skeleton Evil Soul Master body, his slow curse falls on Tyrannosaurus.</p>

<p>Tyrannosaurus roars, the body shines dark-gold ray of light, slow invalid!</p>

<p>This is Tyrannosaurus talent ability, called: Overlord. All Control kind of Soul Skill fall on it, the effect of can playing by weakening of enormous degree. Although clown Evil Soul Master is Six Rings, but Life stage and Tyrannosaurus differed are too big. Therefore, his slow curse cannot play the least bit effect.</p>

<p>clown Evil Soul Master the release cursed, while turned around runs. Very obviously, he also saw that this situation is not wonderful. Lifts the hand, one group of yellow ray of light shoot up to the sky. Immediately, in Sky, fierce yellow Skeleton Light and Shadow blooms.</p>

<p>Tyrannosaurus Dragon Flame spouted, has covered the huge range. Blocked the clown Evil Soul Master way, in Sky golden light (Jin Guang) dodged. During next flickers, is panic-stricken clown Evil Soul Master, was pierced by that golden light (Jin Guang) directly, sews in the ground. Golden Dragon Spear that Tang Wulin ejects.</p>

<p>Tyrannosaurus summon time also arrived at this time, changes into Light and Shadow to integrate Tang Wulin within the body to vanish does not see. Tang Wulin wrist glittering in nine color chain bracelet ray of light slight(ly), above that Crystallized Body halo circulation, has appeared specially beautiful during the night.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin vertical leaps to forward, directly soars the Golden Dragon Spear direction to fall, when his hand grasps Golden Dragon Spear that flash, the clown body that then ran throughout by dragon spear trembles, the body of whole person withers rapidly, changed into a dry corpse. Tang Wulin only thinks from Golden Dragon Spear transmits pure Life to inject into within the body. Too is not strong, at least and clown Evil Soul Master Six Rings cultivates for some are not proportional.</p>

<p>He gawked to understand slightly that this Evil Soul Master Life can not strong and its Evil ability has certainly the close relation. Evil Soul Master Life energy will be quite perhaps weak. However, Golden Dragon Spear the place of ruling by force can also be inferred.</p>

<p>Looks up the yellow Skeleton fireworks that airborne had not diverged as before, the Tang Wulin brow slightly wrinkle. Actually this is the retreating signal, is the requesting reinforcements signal?</p>

<p>If the latter, perhaps also has the trouble.</p>

<p>Train goes off track, nearby city obtained certainly the news, but when does not know the rescue groups of Federation government to be able.</p>

<p>Skeleton Evil Soul Master and clown Evil Soul Master Fallen, about the strength of people, other these Evil Soul Master Elite also fast was solved successively. Has Xu Xiaoyan Power Control, these Evil Soul Master want to run cannot be inescapable.</p>

<p>The distant place, golden speech (Jin Yu) fled rapidly, these massacred black-clothed person of passenger to be killed by it.</p>

<p>golden speech (Jin Yu) now seemed a little likely is not a snake, the height has exceeded seven meters, Can golden-colored, the forehead two bulge places were all over the body obvious, the hypogastric gives birth to a pair of former claw, sharp Sharp Claws grasped in the ground, can let it quicker migration. The a pair of shining eye pupil when looks at Tang Wulin to send out gentle ray of light, but looks at to other things time, always indifferent appearance.</p>

<p>It is Tang Wulin first Soul Spirit, the Bind skill and Blue Silver Thrusting Wave is it entrusts with Tang Wulin, therefore, these two Soul Skill its own can also use. The body intensity obtains moistening of Golden Dragon King bloodline, had to melt the flavor of dragon more and more.</p>

<p>Soul Spirit will have possibility of growth, but generally speaking, the growth of Soul Spirit is mainly depends upon in Spirit Raising Platform absorb Spiritual Power. But golden speech (Jin Yu) absorb not only obviously Spiritual Power, what are more is came from Tang Wulin the strength of Qi and Blood.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King Seal each unties, it will follow is evolving together, Tang Wulin in the Dragon Valley three years, absorb these dragon spirit(s) also similarly has the huge advantage. dragon bone(s) that although obtains with Tyrannosaurus also missed, but its evolution actually continued. Gets down according to this speed, one day it can incarnation True Dragon.</p>

<p>„Walks, we quickly save others. Does not know that Evil Soul Master sends out requesting reinforcements signal. We hope that the Federation aspect can select and assign the human to come quickly.”</p>

<p>„First saved others says again.” Ye Xinglan frown said.</p>

<p>Regardless of Evil Soul Master does have the reinforcements, they now are impossible such to leave. In Train had been killed did not know many passengers, but also has more passengers to need to save the sick and wounded.</p>

<p>The people are not good at treating, but Xu Lizhi Restoring Stuffed Meatbun actually at least can help the injured person enhance the treated and cured opportunity.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said to Xu Lizhi: „Reason, your third, fourth and fifth Soul Skill Steamed Stuffed Bun gives us respectively one. In order to avoid there is Evil Soul Master reinforcements appear(ance) without enough time.”</p>

<p>„Good!” Xu Lizhi complies with one, starts to recite the incantation.</p>

<p>Steamed Stuffed Bun distinguished appear(ance), the people hurries to receive. The amplifications of some Battle Armor to Soul Power, the Xu Lizhi overall Soul Power vigorous degree, is in all people strongest one.</p>

<p>manufacture Steamed Stuffed Bun, people while fires into the compartment fast.</p>

<p>In the life-saving, Tang Wulin appeared his exceptional superiority, Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul has displayed, one with just liked with huge Vine the python emerges in the compartment generally. They can be the hoisting jacks, opens compressed spatial, can be the stretcher, careful leads wounded. Under Tang Wulin Spirit Abyss Realm Spiritual Strength Control, life-saving speed is quickest.</p>

<p>Other people follow simply side him, by Blue Silver Emperor the wounded who leads from the compartment, they carry on some urgent treatments, Xu Lizhi give borderland Restoring Stuffed Meatbun again. Is stabilizing the condition of wounded.</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>