<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="801">#801: Listens to my confession</h2>
<p>Unknowingly, Xu Xiaoyan at present became blurred, tears „and” downward fell.</p>

<p>„Always said you to be proud, always said that you keep aloof. In fact, am I innermost feelings am also proud? Right that you said that I a little feel inferior actually. My family background and you compare difference are too many. You are so outstanding, was too easy to attract liking of many female student. I feared really that later time grew, you to my affection not that many.”</p>

<p>„The day, on Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, when you arrived in front of me to say to me competitive these words, I had to plant by you am regarded the feeling of accessories. But I do not want such, I am I.”</p>

<p>„A half year, entire a half year you do not have to manage me. Do you know? On that day after Blind Date General Meeting went back, I regretted. Although I did not regret that own rejects you, but I actually do not deserve that many people to make you unable to get out. But now, I regretted, I should not reject your, is I do not have the confidence to you.”</p>

<p>„Sorry, Zhengyu. Was I is too narrow-minded. Are you a bit faster good? Later, I am not willful.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Xu Xiaoyan gently is stroking the Le Zhengyu forehead.</p>

<p>„It is not good, I like your willful, you are any appearance, you who I like any appearance.” Temperate sounds/voices resounds, Le Zhengyu has opened eyes slowly.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan had a scare, must take back the hand of own, was held the wrist by Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>„Do not walk and do not leave me. In the half year, I was sufficed.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan was grabbed the wrist by him, pretty face slightly red, „when do you and you awake?”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu shows a faint smile, „started to confess that time that in you.”</p>

<p>„You......” Xu Xiaoyan pretty face is red, wants to escape really immediately, but was actually grasped by Le Zhengyu is very tight.</p>

<p>„Now, this you listen to my confession?” Le Zhengyu supple sound track.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan stares slightly, looks up to him.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu looks at her eye, „sorry, Xiaoyan. Is I am not good. You said right, I was too arrogant, was too proud. This is the bad problem that I foster since childhood, in fact, our family, all people have this problem. Everyone has. But I have not actually noted your feeling. On that day, I was too anxious, on Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, I am thinking can make you justifiablily my girlfriend, has actually neglected you at that time the feeling. But I do not have the giving charity feeling, does not have the least bit to look down upon your family background.”</p>

<p>„Sorry, my sincere apologized to you, and I promised you that I will change, later I will try hard to change own. I will respect you, to cherish you, defends side you. Please forgive me?”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan visits him dull, enough after long time, she muttered the tunnel: „Fool.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu sits sets out, after he wakes, is a little weak besides the body beside, anything has not obstructed greatly.</p>

<p>„Yes, I am silly. Even I also loses temper with you today, but also Control does not live in own that laughable pride as before. But, do you know? When I saw that you were occupied by with formidable Soul Skill Control by that Evil Soul Master, saw that flash that you will soon die, I suddenly thought that own simply is the world silliest person. If you died, perhaps I did not go on living., Believes me, if you died, I will certainly go all out after you revenge, following you to go.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan lowered the head, „can I not believe you? You for me, have used Sacrifice. For me, has burnt the own Life strength.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu has gawked, „did you know?”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan nods, „may you not tell me, you really have such ability.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu shows a faint smile, „you, when the pride of our Family does come from where? Our noble not from bloodline, but came from Sacrifice spiritual. In order to protect own companion, we momentarily can Sacrifice. Therefore, the Holy Angel Family person, will never tell friend own to have this ability, we only when companion need, protects them with this ability, died until own.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan gains ground fiercely, suddenly is choked with tears, grasps Le Zhengyu, „ten years, ten years of Life strength! You......”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu is hugging her, said with a smile: „With can protect compared with you, ten years of Life strength, what was also considered as? So long as you can return to side me, little lives for ten years, I am also joyful. Without your day, the world is darkness, now, you came back. Won't walk again?”</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that Xu Xiaoyan muttered: „In you use since Sacrifice that moment for me, I was your person, regardless of, you were what kind to me, regardless of you were whether proud, regardless of my own had feels inferior, I will not leave you. You for my Sacrifice, I and you share the future.”</p>

<p>The young biggest advantage is to restore quickly, a late recuperation, the second day very early in the morning, Shrek Seven Monsters besides some Le Zhengyu complexion also pale white, other people are the god ends the air/Qi foot.</p>

<p>„Boss, do we walk? By the way, saw that you such eat meal, is really very happy.” Xie Xie said with a smile.</p>

<p>In Inner Court, everybody is separates cultivate, life also not in the same place. cultivate life that especially Tang Wulin that nearly closes up, already very long not with companion Joint Training.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Does not ride the Soul Guidance High-speed Train words, we do not have other choice, can only be Soul Guide Steam Vehicle.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu said: „If there is Mecha to be good.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui said: „Do not tease, Mecha? You have Mecha to have no way in Federation airborne flying. Only if you can attain the entire Federation charter of concession. That is impossible. Federation each region has the special pass, only if some extraordinary parts or is the military, has the qualifications to drive Mecha to move in any place.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan said: „Zhengyu this in other words did not say. Then was good on the automobile.”</p>

<p>The people look askance instantaneously, vision all centralized on Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan some not comfortable [say / way]: „Why do you think so me?”</p>

<p>A Xie Xie face curious [say / way]: „Did you become reconciled?”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu stared his one eyes, „when don't we feel better? But before , a little slightly misunderstands.”</p>

<p>„Is!” Xu Xiaoyan echoes to say immediately.</p>

<p>Xie Xie curled the lip, „you won.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan holds in the arms the arm of Le Zhengyu, a happiness of face. „Heard that our Tang Sect has prolonging the life Heaven and Earth Treasure, turned head this military training to finish, I looked for such task to do with Zhengyu.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „It is not you, should be everybody is together right. We are a whole.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan that quite a while has not spoken said: „Captain, what do you have to plan? What I refer to is regarding us.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Yesterday from the War God Temple older generation(s) mouth, we obtained many useful things actually. For example we knew War God Temple existence, knew is the unspoken rule on Continent. War God Temple should be the Federation high-end strength, is the Elite centralized place. Spirit Transferring Pagoda should have similar organization, our Tang Sect has Battle Soul Hall and Worship Hall. Academy has Inner Court, to have Sea God Pavilion. These are on Continent most Top Rank strength existence. But as new generation Shrek Seven Monsters, we almost will be tacitly approved into the Academy representative. In other words, we first cannot join Spirit Transferring Pagoda and War God Temple. But at the same time we are the Tang Sect person, Tang Sect and Academy relate closely. Therefore, from the future, we, regardless of makes anything, should not go beyond this category. At least before cultivation to be certain extent is not good.”</p>

<p>„We after this military training finished, if like Old Cai says, can continue for two years to complete military training, our strengths should be increased to the new degree, should some people break through 60th Rank, became Soul Emperor. Then, the following two years, we must complete the Battle Armor promotion as soon as possible. Only then after becoming Two Word Battle Armor Master, we had genuine self-preservation ability. Two Word Battle Armor had Wings, even if no Mecha, to us will not have any affects. The Federation radar can limit Mecha, but actually could not limit our own Wings.”</p>

<p>Here, Tang Wulin has stopped, then lowered the head slightly, „apologied to everybody in this me. Because left for more than three years, after coming back, continuously earnestly own cultivate, I and everybody's Joint Training were too few. I some have not been familiar with everybody's operational way (of life), cannot better and everybody coordinates. Otherwise, yesterday the situation will not be perhaps awful.”</p>

<p>-----------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. The following plot must get on soundings. We hope that everybody likes.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>