<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="817">#817: Severe pain</h2>
<p>The situation of people are similar, therefore also basically is the registration character.</p>

<p>Listened to their introduction, on the black clothed old man face not to reveal the least bit to be surprised, light [say / way]: „I called Nightmare, believes that you will remember quickly my name. Here is Devil Island, your location place, is Devil Island central zone Devil Valley. But I am here devil(s), you can call me Nightmare Old Devil.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil? He obviously is a human, why can say devil(s)?</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart is surprised, but does not have well to ask.</p>

<p>„older generation(s), what do we now want to make?” Tang Wulin asked. Must make clear them to do anything to be good here!</p>

<p>Nightmare smiles, „does not use anxiously, some are you must do. Later here is the place that you rest. Remember, does not want, because the curiosity attempts to approach that side Ruin's Light, if were contaminated by Ruin's Light, nobody can save you. Yes?”</p>

<p>Ruin's Light? Tang Wulin of course is curious, not only he, other people are also very curious that Ruin's Light what's the matter. The purple light that shoots up to the sky looked that can the palpitation quite a while, actually that is how fearful existence! Moreover they can feel that reason that this Devil Island outside fills dead out, should have the direct relation with this Ruin's Light.</p>

<p>„You just arrived today, tomorrow, your military training will start directly. Food own looks, in forest some are various types of food. Good, arrived here.” Spoke these words, Nightmare Old Devil turns around to walk, his body suddenly became illusory, as if moved sideways, vanished in the field of vision of people.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil walked, Tang Wulin said: „Everybody rested first same place, restored the physical strength and Soul Power said again. Here Life aura is rich, very much has the advantage to us.”</p>

<p>The people somewhat were already impatient, does not save the place that from Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces slightly, arrives at this so Life aura rich place, how they can not grasp time. Regarding Soul Master, what but also there is full a more important matter compared with Soul Power?</p>

<p>companion rest, Tang Wulin also sat cross-legged to sit, with rapt attention meditation, here Life energy rich before surpassing him, has felt in any place, even if on Sea God Island, did not have so rich Life strength. This has the extremely good help function to his cultivate, Blue Silver Emperor in Life aura rich place cultivate, definitely has the twice the result with half the effort effect.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is just about to enter the meditation condition, suddenly, a crisis transmission, he has opened the eye subconsciously. Then he saw that a shadow is pulling out in the own direction.</p>

<p>It is not good!</p>

<p>His subconscious both hands lift, promotes.</p>

<p>But that shadow comes was really too quick, Tang Wulin stuffy snort, transmitted vigorously, he pulled out strikes flew.</p>

<p>Not only he, other Shrek Seven Monsters people also suffered same attack, time, seven people under the unexpectedness, all pulled out leaning this way and that strikes.</p>

<p>What situation?</p>

<p>They are almost the quick release own Martial Soul, hurrying gather. But also at this moment, the body transmits the intermittent stabbing pain.</p>

<p>When lowers the head looked, sees only place that pulled out strikes, gripped eyelets, had blood to flow out faintly. Pricking next one already after turning into ignition feeling.</p>

<p>A Xie Xie first pitiful yell makes noise, must grasp the punctured place with the hand.</p>

<p>„Do not move!” Tang Wulin grabs his hand. He also felt similarly intense stabbing pain, those who make him be startled, even if by the strength of his bloodline, is unable to weaken that pricking.</p>

<p>„Toxin?” Ye Xinglan tolerates the severe pain, on the face look actually also changed.</p>

<p>„On your this vigilance, is called Shrek Seven Monsters? You believe that here was safe?” Nightmare Old Devil sounds/voices from transmits in all directions.</p>

<p>„Enjoys this nerve poison well. Does not need to attempt to treat or resists with Soul Power, useless. Suffices sorely for two hours, naturally will restore. Um, lets the appearance that I have a look at your pain quickly, did not have the mood to be so joyful for a long time.”</p>

<p>Nerve poison!</p>

<p>In free time of Nightmare Old Devil speech, the Tang Wulin seven people of aching feelings started to intensify rapidly, Assault System several people are better, Xie Xie, Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi are complexion are pale, the sore whole body shivers, if not clench teeth to endure patiently, perhaps already could not withstand.</p>

<p>They somewhat understand finally Nightmare Old Devil that Nightmare Two Word came from where.</p>

<p>But, they then just came! Moreover, but improves their vigilance, was this too a little ruthless?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin situation best one, is not because he is not sore, because his withstands the ability far supernormal person. Passed through suffering of that many Golden Dragon King bloodline, he endures patiently the ache ability strong.</p>

<p>But is in such a case, he is also the forehead sees the perspiration, body slight(ly) is shivering.</p>

<p>„” Xie Xie cannot endure patiently finally , said. His called, looked like has sent out signal, other people were also in abundance stuffy snort make noise, the emanation pain of not being able to endure patiently call.</p>

<p>Hurts for two hours! The Tang Wulin heart twitches, is this also training one way (of life)?</p>

<p>Passed for ten minutes, besides Tang Wulin, Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui, other four people hurt swayed back and forth on the ground.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan sit cross-legged to sit on the ground, are shivering, the distance that the body keeps collapses is not far.</p>

<p>Strange saying that this severe pain has been strengthened.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin can also stand reluctantly, but the body also starts to rock.</p>

<p>In this time, the aching feeling was weakening several points suddenly, then starts to weaken slowly.</p>

<p>The potential of human body is infinite, when the pain starts to be weaken, although is as before painful, but at least felt that will be better.</p>

<p>Finally, when ten minutes, the aching feeling already reduced to a supportable range, the people reluctantly sat.</p>

<p>„This was also too ruthless, our anything has not done. Demonstration of authority?” Xie Xie complained.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Was we are negligent. Including Old Cai and Ancestral Master they dreaded that very much here military training, we should carefully be more right, later wants is the rest, must keep the human to admonish. Two hours that luckily, that older generation(s) said deceive our.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui said suddenly: „, The nerve poison I have not necessarily understood some, this Little Thing is not easy to dissipate, it may be......”</p>

<p>Her voice falls, the people aching feeling of suddenly starts becomes fierce. Really, is not easy to melt!</p>

<p>Hurts for ten minutes, the slow ten minutes, hurt again......</p>

<p>The body of this process to human suffers is part, suffers to spiritual also similarly is extremely fierce! That feeling probably is, just Control you are insufficient the sore stupor, what makes you experience profoundly is ache Peak.</p>

<p>One hour later, people perspiration leaves like the rain, soon collapsed.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin also sat , he Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui also reluctantly support to sit, other four people can maintain sober were very not easy.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi when is not that sore leaps act to meet some manufacture Restoring Stuffed Meatbun maintains the physical strength to everybody.</p>

<p>Xie Xie looks to Tang Wulin, „Boss, you knock down me, I must unable to bear, was too sore. Hurt in the bone. That convulsion ache really quite hard to endure.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui stares to Xie Xie, „is not good, cannot faint, if the nerve poison in the comatose condition, likely will injure to internal organ(s). When sober can through stimulating Soul Power protects oneself. Boiled to be all right. Xie Xie, insists.” At the same time was saying, Yuan En Yehui thinks that Xie Xie extends act , draws him to own side.</p>

<p>Had Yuan En Yehui as the dependence, the Xie Xie mood has stabilized.</p>

<p>In this time, sounds/voices of applause is resounding, „good, one hour did not have the stupor. Your withstanding ability are quite good. Looked in you display in outstanding share, this first Test, even if were.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil appear(ance) in the line of sight of people, in his hand is also taking again a small jug, arrives in front of Tang Wulin, he gives Tang Wulin the jug, „experience teaches, does not need me to teach you. This is the antidote, wipes directly in the sores.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin received the jug, a forced smile of face. Somewhat helpless [say / way]: „Nightmare older generation(s), your this also really comes up to give us a demonstration of authority!”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil light [say / way]: „You, since arrived here, we must be responsible for you. All that you withstand now, is the future may face. The human body has important characteristics, that is two times withstands with the carrying capacity that first withstands has Heaven and Earth Difference, particularly withstanding at heart. Good, this.”</p>

<p>Then, he stands up, once again vanished.</p>

<p>---------------------------</p>

<p>Recently in the family had an accident, affected to me is big, I tried hard maintain the renewal, but Monday three stopped temporarily, normal two. Extremely was sorry. But asked everybody to make me adjust the condition. Thanked politely.</p>

<p>Before I have said that for me, this possibly is in the life most suffering and painful time, hopes that everybody can understand. The normal renewal, I will try hard maintain.</p>

  </body>
</html>