<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="854">#854: Spiritual Illusion</h2>
<p>[Say / Way] that Purple One lets somebody cool off or calm down: „Plays tricks, comes out!” At the same time was saying, his right hand to airborne one finger, does not see Soul Ring to start, one group of white light have shot up to the sky. The white light group concentrates not to be loose, straight rushes to 50 meters upper air suddenly to explode, changes into white halo, tiny particle Bi Xian who the surroundings ground shines.</p>

<p>Very strong Soul Power controls ability. The Tang Wulin heart shakes, really worthily is Purple Rank Battle Member. His clearly is control Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power starts, compared with using Soul Skill saves Soul Power, played the illumination the effect. It looks like the momentum is very big, but consumption Soul Power is in fact minimal.</p>

<p>In the ground anything does not have, in their field of vision range, even if through Purple Demon Eyes, has not looked at why not assumes the post to the place.</p>

<p>Purple One sinking sound track: „Follows me.” At the same time was saying, he walks toward outside quickly.</p>

<p>Without doubt, this strange Transformation is appear(ance) in the factory range, they must leave here first better adapting.</p>

<p>„Hum......, Hum......, Hum......” wail resounds once more, the surroundings air also starts becomes cloudy and cold.</p>

<p>When Purple One brings four Yellow Rank Battle Member are wanting to leave the factory region first, surroundings spatial immediately starts the fierce distortion, is unable to take one's bearings. All people have a dizzy feeling.</p>

<p>The inexplicable sense of fear and spiritual pressure immediately just like tide general to rush.</p>

<p>What is more important, until now, where they have not discovered the enemy.</p>

<p>Purple One sinking sound track: „Spiritual Illusion, may be excels at the spiritual ability enemy. It is not able to contact General Headquarters. Everybody has been careful, should not be separated.”</p>

<p>In this time, he was discovering that on Vine Bind the waist of own, subconscious turning head looked, sees hand signal that Tang Wulin gives.</p>

<p>In illusion, the enemy who after most fears separates forcefully, is lost the contact. The Tang Wulin prompt release Blue Silver Emperor, has solved this problem.</p>

<p>The wail is getting more and more sad and shrill, the surroundings illusion just likes galloping-horse lantern generally rotator fast, Purple One has tried attack, but his attack falls into the illusion just likes the clay ox entering the sea vanishes without the trace immediately generally.</p>

<p>Purple One has not acted rashly again, falls into enemy huge illusion range, this time heart sank to the valley. illusion of this range, is not ordinary Soul Master can release, this is similar to Domain general existence. But in Domain of enemy, wants to difficultly. Moreover, the opposite party obviously is pointed has sealed up their communication ability, is unable to contact General Headquarters and reinforcements.</p>

<p>In this time, the Purple One ear has been transmitting Tang Wulin sounds/voices, „Purple One, I am Yellow Three, I have the means to solve illusion temporarily. When I melt illusion, you lead us to use quickest speed to clash.”</p>

<p>„Good!” Had not inquired how Tang Wulin melts illusion, at this time, stable mentality showing of Tang Sect Battle Member without doubt.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sounds/voices also resounds in several other companion ears, the next quarter, he said in a low voice: „Three, two and one!”</p>

<p>With three countdowns, body tightening of people as if by prior agreement. Tang Wulin body fiercely, five Soul Ring do not seem any Transformation, may in fact actually cut became Golden Dragon King four bloodline ring of light.</p>

<p>„Raising” earthshaking roars to resound, all has covered all wails instantaneously.</p>

<p>The terrifying roar is deafening, huge Golden-colored Dragon Head as if shoots up to the sky, surroundings illusion immediately is similar to air bubble general to shatter, in an instant the factory as if returned to normal.</p>

<p>Did not need Tang Wulin saying that Purple One jumped, simultaneously both hands entrained own Blue Silver Emperor, relied on cultivation of Seven Rings Soul Saint stage is being, led the Tang Wulin four people simultaneously to jump, flushed away toward outside fast.</p>

<p>Obviously, this sudden Transformation surpassed that to hide the enemy in hidden place is unexpected. Their speed incredibly fast is also incomparable, saw that must run out of the factory region.</p>

<p>„” A sad and shrill incomparable pitiful yell suddenly resounds. Before they will soon run out of the factory, a giant head from underground drilled suddenly.</p>

<p>This head reaches as high as ten meters, in the both eyes of Skeleton head braves quiet green flame, opens mouth, huge green flame has covered toward the Tang Wulin five people.</p>

<p>Without any feeling of ignition, but five people actually simultaneously felt that Soul transmits the fierce pricking. As if in that flash, their mind fire of Soul burnt got up.</p>

<p>What Little Thing is this?</p>

<p>The Purple One tian item roars, in eyes purple light suddenly to launch, revolved Peak Purple Demon Eyes, at the same time, Battle Armor rapid upturns since his body, a pair of Wings opened in the back, has blocked positive all green brilliance. Is protecting behind four people.</p>

<p>Stuffy snort along with it resounding, the Purple One footsteps staggered, his whole body is covering tan Battle Armor was contaminated by that purple brilliance unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Yellow Two drinks one tenderly, the pure white brilliance falls on Purple One together, „Spiritual Heal!”</p>

<p>Her judgment is accurate, this green brilliance without doubt is direct attack spiritual sea. Really, Purple One green flame reduced several points. However, flame of that huge Skeleton blowout actually from all directions spread to come, covers directly to them.</p>

<p>Yellow Four drinks one lowly, body Fourth Soul Ring Great Release of Rays of Light, at the same time circular shield turning round revolving, after shield appear(ance), is in itself covering a strange Armor piece, these Armor pieces disperse rapidly, changes into screen to protect the people.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, people own Battle Armor has dressed on, strengthens the defense strength.</p>

<p>In the Purple One mouth exudes one to roar, Sixth Soul Ring sparkle. This time, the people know finally his Martial Soul was anything.</p>

<p>With resonant named, a purple great hawk soars, from the sky opens pair of wings, fierce flapping forward, the purple energy storm has swept across the front hundred meters scopes instantaneously.</p>

<p>Purple Jade Divine Eagle, very formidable Flight Class Soul Beast. At this time Purple One displays, is own sixth Soul Skill, Divine Eagle Heavenly Dance.</p>

<p>Divine Eagle Heavenly Dance can release the amethyst storm, this spiritual and physical dual attack storms present range attack, can simultaneously the enemy of attack wide scope.</p>

<p>The purple storm and that huge Skeleton green brilliance assault in the same place, reluctantly blocked that brilliance unable to continue assault unexpectedly again on the people, cannot launch to counter-attack.</p>

<p>This flickers, the people understand that intercepts their enemies, the strength above them. Including the human had not seen that they fell into so the inferiority.</p>

<p>At this moment, in five Battle Member, calmest instead is Tang Wulin. Experienced that many on Devil Island, other did not say, only mentality, he was far the ultra average person.</p>

<p>Not eagerly act , when Purple One and Yellow Four they resist opposite party attack, Tang Wulin carefully is observing that huge Skeleton head.</p>

<p>He discovered that when that huge Skeleton emits the green brilliance, under Skeleton, as if green halo of desalination unceasingly to its direction collection in the past, looked like from all directions absorb anything was resembling.</p>

<p>Sees this, has affirmed the guess of Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Third ring of light sparkles once more, „raising” Golden Dragon Roars resounds once again.</p>

<p>The green brilliance that in the Skeleton livestock spouts drags slightly, seems the trend of not having weakened, but if carefully looked that will discover, in the ground collected past pale green halo actually to vanish in frightening of Golden Dragon Roars.</p>

<p>At this moment, Tang Wulin fierce vertical leaps from flank, in the right hand golden light (Jin Guang) dodges, Golden Dragon Spear fell into the palm. Dazzling golden light (Jin Guang) blooms from him, the flinging arm without hesitation, Golden Dragon Spear changes into the golden-colored cold electricity to be together ordinary, center perpendicular incidence that Skeleton forehead position.</p>

<p>From starting Golden Dragon Roars to flinging Golden Dragon Spear, the free time who this entire process just twice blinks.</p>

<p>Giant Skeleton also came under the instantaneous influence of Golden Dragon Roars obviously, among the Golden Dragon Spear moment arrived at its forehead dead ahead.</p>

<p>green light covers along with it appear(ance), the flash when but it and Golden Dragon Spear lance point contact, the green light covers is penetrated instantaneously, Golden Dragon Spear dodges not to have.</p>

<p>Puncture, Bone Pierce and Devour, this is Golden Dragon Spear supplements Three Great properties. Tang Wulin Golden Dragon King Seal breaks through stage every time, will enhance stage regarding the control and understanding of Golden Dragon Spear.</p>

<p>Then after huge Skeleton was hurled into by Golden Dragon Spear, unexpectedly is directly vigorously led goes backward but actually. The green brilliance in mouth also spurted to airborne.</p>

<p>Leaps to resound the resonant dragon roar sound on airborne Tang Wulin, in the midair immediately appear(ance) together golden light avatar, Golden Dragon Soars!</p>

<p>---------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>