<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="800">#800: War God Temple</h2>
<p>Luo Shaofeng shows a faint smile, the expression became was intimate with several points obviously, „that was Junior Brother and Junior Sister. I also come from Shrek. Also once was Inner Court disciple. That fellow who you just ran into, has Zun Fang of name of deep cloudy ghost livestock. This fellow is the Holy Spirit Cult high level, air/Qi of Extreme Yin is troublesome. I pursued him to be very long, feels his aura with great difficulty, catches up in first time.”</p>

<p>„Holy Spirit Cult?” [Say / Way] of Tang Wulin doubts.</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng sinking sound track: „This was one existence does not know the mysterious religious sect that many years, said accurately, should be has filled evil Sect. His all member are Evil Soul Master, takes training Evil Soul Master as own duty. They like slaughtering, destruction and Ruin, from seeks to promote self- special energy. Holy Spirit Cult nearly takes to a Humanity catastrophe before Ten-thousand Years, afterward Ice Spirit Douluo led then one generation of Elite to rout, finally goes into hiding. But in later Ten-thousand Years, they will occasionally have appear(ance), does not have a tenth macroclimate luckily.”</p>

<p>„Recently for these years, Holy Spirit Cult often had terrifying to move appear(ance), so long as there are them, is the loss of life aspect. Today has you luckily, perhaps otherwise, this car(riage) person cannot live, will link Soul to be walked to be used for cultivate by Evil Soul Master refining their cult tactic.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin surprised looks at Luo Shaofeng, Evil Soul Master Sect? This he is first time has heard. But is actually not first time meets. Without a doubt, initially he and Mo Lan on Train bitter experience in Evil Soul Master that arrived, should also be receives this Holy Spirit Cult to pull strings?</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng looks at Tang Wulin to be silent, sinking sound track: „Holy Spirit Cult stops at nothing, and is sly. After having the lesson of beforehand Fallen, their motions are surreptitious. Later meets Evil Soul Master easily act , being far away as far as possible. Now Federation is also working hard to seek for their trails, has hit several, Evil Soul Master was more peaceful recently, has not thought that has created this kind of disaster, is really hateful!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Really couldn't find them? This Holy Spirit Cult actually strong?”</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng shakes the head, sinking sound track: „Does not know. Nobody knows Holy Spirit Cult strongly. But you are clear, his match at least has the three parties, Federation War God Temple, Spirit Transferring Pagoda and Shrek Academy.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart shakes.</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng then said: „These Evil Soul Master all are Madman, their anything matter can do. If not was unable frontage and we contends, they already came out.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „What is War God Temple? I am first time heard.”</p>

<p>Perhaps because of the common origin reason, Luo Shaofeng has not borne because of the inquiry of Tang Wulin, „War God Temple is the high-end strength that Federation trains specially. Your simple such understanding on line. All War God Temple member will obtain the resources incline of Federation, thus promotes own continually. But when Federation bitter experience crisis, War God Temple member must await to dispatch. of course, our degree of freedom is very high . Moreover, we are the military, has the military rank. The words said that you are One Word Battle Armor Master, in the future becomes Two Word Battle Armor Master can graduate from Inner Court, is interested in coming the War God Temple words, we will welcome very much.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin curious asking: „older generation(s), does War God Temple have our Academy person?”</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng shows a faint smile, „specific I cannot say, but I can tell you am, Academy can have Federation that many respect and support, with the Academy neutrality, standing aloof from the world has much to do with. But the person who Academy comes out, must have the destination, particularly our Inner Court disciple. War God Temple is a good choice, you can consider.”</p>

<p>„Good, Thank You (xiexie) Senior. However, Senior, we have joined Tang Sect, but can also join War God Temple?”</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng has gawked, „joined Tang Sect? If you are not the Battle Soul Hall people, that should not affect. But if you have joined Tang Sect Battle Soul Hall, that stays there. The Battle Soul Hall treatment is not bad. Tang Sect working low key, but is powerful, relates with Academy is closer. Also is the good choice. Right, heard that Academy did select new generation Shrek Seven Monsters?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin flexure scratching the head, somewhat embarrassed nod.</p>

<p>Just is been so miserable, some of his really embarrassed acknowledgments that Evil Soul Master hit.</p>

<p>The Luo Shaofeng what kind eyesight, „you will not tell me, is your several?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Lost face to Academy.”</p>

<p>„Not, not!” Luo Shaofeng beckons with the hand again and again, even the whole person from airborne descended, high and low sizes up Tang Wulin saying that „looked like you are is impossible to join War God Temple.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stares.</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng then said: „Shrek Seven Monsters is the Academy future, is impossible to be controlled by Federation. Has not thought really! Such quickly can see you. Do not think that just gave the student to lose face, the polarity, you can ask these wounded, you are the heroes, knows? If not you, at least here several hundred Life did not have. You are the heroes, you have not given Academy to lose face. I just looked, the Evil Soul Master quantity of dying in battle were many, let alone you have bumped into Zun Fang. Luckily, he should not know that you are this generation of Shrek Seven Monsters, otherwise, he will not perhaps hesitate the price strikes to kill you. Junior Brother, has remembered, before your strength is not very formidable, do not tell others you are this generation of Shrek Seven Monsters. Academy friend are many, the enemy similarly are also many. But dares to oppose with our Academy, not ill Top Rank Elite.”</p>

<p>„Why is your this must go? I turn head to deliver you a regulation, ensures your securities.”</p>

<p>Looks at the Luo Shaofeng serious appearance, in the Tang Wulin heart one warm, really worthily is Senior!</p>

<p>„We are participate in military training, the specific situation is not clear.”</p>

<p>„military training?” Heard these two characters, Luo Shaofeng hits to tremble smartly spirit, looks that the Tang Wulin look also became strange, said that was one type has several points to pity the flavor the look.</p>

<p>„I cannot deliver you to go, military training must depend upon own. Junior Brother......” Luo Shaofeng wants to say anything, has not said eventually, but lifted the hand to pat the racket on the Tang Wulin shoulder, „you, strove for carefully fortunately.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin brow wrinkles, as if this Senior has also participated in military training, moreover military training has made very profound impression on him. Poor impression!</p>

<p>The work of noble spirit of saving the sick and wounded reaches the last act quickly, the severely injured needs to ship to nearby city, breakage Train, the destroyed track needs to repair. These are not Tang Wulin they need to be worried.</p>

<p>With the help of Luo Shaofeng, Tang Wulin they hid the identity, by the official investigation, had not been ridden one flying Mecha that is used to transport to arrive in the recent city.</p>

<p>This evening, can describe with soul-stirring absolutely. Nearly perishes is not anything is good to experience.</p>

<p>„Later did not sit Soul Guidance Train!” Tang Wulin some saying of making a determined effort. „Everybody quickly rests. Zhengyu......”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu also lethargic sleep, complexion pale white.</p>

<p>„I take care of him.” Xu Xiaoyan saying without hesitation.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart relaxed secretly, „good. Everybody rests earlier, waits to confirm after Zhengyu body unobstructive, we hurry along again.”</p>

<p>„Good!”</p>

<p>The people went to the room to go respectively, Tang Wulin delivered to the room to leave Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan is Le Zhengyu takes off the coat, twisted the towel to clean the body to him, the cover quilt. own pulled a chair to sit in the bedside visits him.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu of peaceful time is as before handsome, although some complexion morbid states pale white also still so.</p>

<p>-----------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>