<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="811">#811: The dragon rides the fighter aircraft</h2>
<p>Looks what is clearest is control tower, through the large-scale radar, they can catch the airborne brilliant image. In fact, if North Sea Corps wants they from airborne to hit Tang Wulin, that is not any difficulties matter, by the ground-to-air defense system of North Sea Corps, a piece of Soul Guide Cannon ball in the past, absolutely was evaded not to be possible to evade.</p>

<p>However, can they do really? Even if Tang Wulin they ‚taking advantage of’ walked aircraft, but their status is special, the radical measures are unusable, otherwise has the possibility appear(ance) major problem. Therefore, they can only catch them with the quite gentle method.</p>

<p>Although cannot strike to kill Shrek Seven Monsters, but grasps is absolutely . Moreover, compared with serious results that striking to kill, if grasps, attacked regarding Shrek Academy. Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy or was the military even can say that this was Shrek Seven Monsters that you chose? Also is mediocre.</p>

<p>Therefore, Shen Yue Lieutenant General personally will assume personal command, waits to look that good play that they stress.</p>

<p>But, flickers below, she saw has let her dumbfounded one.</p>

<p>In Sky, has completed airborne seizing six aircraft just about to bring Shrek Seven Monsters and that puts up aircraft to return, suddenly, a colossus has broken open that big net.</p>

<p>Can very clear seeing, 36 meters in length Sky Flyer 17 above, be many one altitude over 60 meters, incomparably majestic huge form. Its weight was really too terrifying, appear(ance), instantaneously brought that to put up Sky Flyer 17 and surroundings complete six aircraft simultaneously falls to falling.</p>

<p>Six aircraft compare thing of course to be much stronger, this is the basis of airborne capture. But when, caught the object to be airborne Tyrannosaurus. The situation became completely different.</p>

<p>The area six, fly straight under! Directly soars below sea area to fall.</p>

<p>Below also six Black Rank Mecha, unexpected, they directly were nearly pounded. Hurries to scatter in all directions to separate.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin lifts the hand, Blue Silver Emperor outrageously crushed on the Sky Flyer 17 cockpits coverglasses, the howling rumor spread to the entire cockpit instantaneously. aircraft also turned into the hood version.</p>

<p>„Xie Xie, prepares the All-Out acceleration.” Now their this aircraft situation is very strange, because of riding of Tyrannosaurus, aircraft tail downward, brings other six aircraft to crash directly. Tyrannosaurus somewhat seems to be vacant, does not know that what happened.</p>

<p>Nearby six aircraft have finally made reaction, they gave up the capture network rapidly, from the sky disperses.</p>

<p>Because of the influence of huge gravity, these six aircraft are unable Control to live in the own airborne stance again, is tumbles, good pilot, in this case wants to maintain own aircraft Control, needs time and formidable psychological ability.</p>

<p>„Acceleration!” Tang Wulin explodes drinks one. Tyrannosaurus vanishes instantaneously, he also returned back of aircraft. Blue Silver Emperor find out, four people of waist of Bind in engine room.</p>

<p>Xie Xie promotes the pushing ram, aircraft in airborne fierce shakes, then accelerated in a direction.</p>

<p>This time Xie Xie, only thinks dizzy, but under the aircraft injection orifice accelerates suddenly, had their seven people to clash fiercely.</p>

<p>First from the sky pulls up, then Control System series naturally lets the aircraft sustain level flight condition. Their luck are very good, is in the direction of archipelago.</p>

<p>At this moment, that six aircraft have not been able the Control good own shape, but six Black Rank Mecha plunged them respectively and ensure the allied force security is most important, prepares to rescue at any time.</p>

<p>The bird that Sky Flyer of Shrek Seven Monsters driving 17, look like emerging is common, non-stop flies the archipelago direction.</p>

<p>„Decreases in the altitude!” Tang Wulin drinks to Xie Xie. Did not have impediment of engine room screen, Tang Wulin sounds/voices to pass on.</p>

<p>Xie Xie big mouth has panted for breath several, „too exciting Boss!”</p>

<p>„Everybody is ready, I shouted that one, two and three, unties your safety belts.” These words naturally were in four people to engine room say.</p>

<p>„Prepared.” Xie Xie laughed, has let loose the Control pole.</p>

<p>„One, two and three!” Tang Wulin drinks three greatly, his fierce jumps from aircraft, at the same time, Blue Silver Emperor entrain suddenly. Under his Control, six forms are almost following close on him, simultaneously is separated from aircraft, appear(ance) above Sky, seven people, under Blue Silver Emperor Bind, have composed a strange shape.</p>

<p>Control tower!</p>

<p>„Is this also good?” Icy peak major dumbfounded looks at this.</p>

<p>In six surrounding and capturing of fighter aircraft and under six Black Rank Mecha, can they also run out of the tight encirclement unexpectedly? When Tang Wulin they jump out aircraft, Sky Flyer 17 entered in the range of that islands. Then flew by far.</p>

<p>The Mecha army of behind big piece arrived, but has not actually entered in that islands range.</p>

<p>Strange appear(ance), just broke in that islands range Sky Flyer 17, the sudden whip, drops from the clouds, wormed one's way into toward the islands deep place, as if appear(ance) any illusory halo, then it vanished to disappear. When does not have the appear(ance) crash should have the explosion that.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin may unable to attend to these now, lifts the hand, beforehand squeezes in the mouth Xu Lizhi to the agile little dragon(s) package that they complete, to reduce the own body weight. Other people are also so.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui, one white, one black, two pairs of wings also open, with the aid of airborne air current, diligently leads everybody's body to stabilize as far as possible from the both sides.</p>

<p>„Good quite to be crisply and crisp!” Xie Xie excited yelling.</p>

<p>Since birth, today absolutely is most exciting one that he faces. By road sense that his company crude person is not, can actually bring companion to encircle tightly prominently, what ratio this but also there is to let his stimulated matter?</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin sudden heart moves, the body sends out brown-yellow halo, immediately, seven people thought that body one light, has to plant to the feeling of airborne fluttering.</p>

<p>Mountain Dragon King Torso Bone takes to Tang Wulin Soul Skill gravity Power Control, when fights with Evil Soul Master, Tang Wulin once repeatedly had used. Besides gravity Power Control, another defense class Soul Skill, but Tang Wulin did not have the means to use now, perhaps in his feeling, that defense kind of Soul Skill must wait till his Seven Rings to cultivate for can use. Therefore, Child of Nature is not his first has actually the unuseful skill.</p>

<p>At this time, Tang Wulin through gravity Power Control, carries on reverse Gravity Control, the gravity reduces, Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui is naturally more relaxed.</p>

<p>Control tower!</p>

<p>„General.” Colonel Liu Ming called out in a low voice.</p>

<p>Shen Yue brow tight wrinkle, but she is the high-ranking after all, can maintain tranquil as before, „considers as finished, making them go. Now I believe that they were this generation of Shrek Seven Monsters. Pays close attention to the Devil Islands sound, the 3rd Rank combat readiness. Let them go, definitely does not have good deed.”</p>

<p>„Yes! 3rd Rank combat readiness.”</p>

<p>Shen Yue turns head to look to the icy peak major, „I think that I need an explanation.”</p>

<p>The icy peak major stands at attention and salutes, „is!”</p>

<p>Shen Yue turns around to walk outward, icy peak major hurries to follow in her behind, blindly follows suit.</p>

<p>Gazes after them to leave, Colonel Liu Ming then relaxed, very early in the morning, makes such a matter, is makes in the person heart not be feeling well really!</p>

<p>Below has transmitted the findings, Rouff and his unit unobstructive, sobered.</p>

<p>Without the casualties, but actually lost Sky Flyer 17, regarding the regiment, this is the quite serious attack.</p>

<p>But, regarding them, Devil Islands is actually the forbidden area, the Shrek Academy person enters that range, they were helpless, the fighter aircraft was naturally impossible to look comes back.</p>

<p>From the sky the glide is steady, Tang Wulin has the thoughts to observe below archipelago at this time. What from the sky looks is very clear, the under big piece and big piece islands, have covered very wide scope, but appeared some are tranquil. These islands all are black, jet black like black ink. The terrain is complex, there is a vegetation, but as if is black, seemed like caught ink.</p>

<p>What is more unusual, in these island surroundings, in the sea water from islands 300 meters range unexpectedly also is black, with blue blue sea water take shape of distant place striking contrast.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, this is not an ordinary place. But this is also their military training place.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not think they arrived in this islands to cross difficulties in 15 days, without a doubt, genuine difficulties, likely genuine started from this moment.</p>

<p>„That side!” Ye Xinglan said suddenly that simultaneously lifts hand to refer to a direction.</p>

<p>----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. Thank everybody's support.</p>

  </body>
</html>