<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="765">#765: Gu Yue, I love you</h2>
<p>Tyrannosaurus crawls slowly, returns to the water surface them. Gu Yue silver light dodges, the next quarter, brought Tang Wulin to vanish above the level of the lake. Moreover distance that these transmits is very far, even has not seen their forms in the shore.</p>

<p>In the Sea God lake the Sea God reason, this also becomes Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting previous time will make without a doubt the fine deeds that one loves to talk about.</p>

<p>On the Sea God lake level of the lake ray of light is as before radiant, but with their departures, slightly is gloomy. It looks like, the lead left.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin always does not know that Gu Yue unexpectedly becomes so blazing, like must melt him to be generally blazing.</p>

<p>She is kissing him unexpectedly on own initiative, that is bringing the slightly salty flavor kiss, her lip is fiery and fragrant, has the emotional outburst beyond description.</p>

<p>Is the sentiment in Tang Wulin heart constrains for many years? He closely is hugging her, wants all her to integrate in the body of own.</p>

<p>Where he does not know, only knows that surroundings is the trees. But in the own bosom, is own this life most important woman.</p>

<p>This kisses is very long and is very long. They are very shy, shy does not know how should continue. He in embracing tightly that her back buttocks place makes an effort, she closely is hugging his neck.</p>

<p>Long time and long time......</p>

<p>Until they have not gasped somewhat for breath, until their lips already slightly inflamed, they finally once more embrace tightly the opposite party, big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath.</p>

<p>„If I did not say love you, you will commit suicide really?” Some Gu Yue respites were saying.</p>

<p>„Why can commit suicide? I want to scratch the head to send with Golden Dragon Claw.” Tang Wulin chuckle.</p>

<p>Gu Yue gains ground, looks to him, he actually takes advantage of opportunity gently a kiss on her lip.</p>

<p>„Swindler!” [Say / Way] that Gu Yue gets angry.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „If can deceive your heart, I would rather be the swindler for a lifetime. Gu Yue, I love you.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue has stagnated stagnation, after blazing complete explosion of innermost feelings, calms down slightly, the reason starts to get the winning side. She buries in his shoulder once more, on pretty face actually reveals anguished, „shouldn't you this, you know? You at ignition *. I cannot with you in the same place, we not be a passer-by, we cannot eventually in the same place.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said indifferently: „If doomed this eventually, why that must have once. Since there are once, then, all have been doomed. This is our destinies, regardless of many difficulties, regardless of we will face anything. I side you, will face with you together.”</p>

<p>„You are not clear.” Gu Yue pain closing both eyes.</p>

<p>„I understand!” Tang Wulin firm saying.</p>

<p>He had not asked what Gu Yue worry is anything, because he knows, if she is willing saying that sooner or later will tell own. But if she did not tell own, then, anything, he is willing to go to face with her.</p>

<p>Gu Yue holds his shoulder, some do not abandon leaves his bosom.</p>

<p>„Wulin.” She visits him earnestly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „Had anything to say said. I believe that you understand my regard, but you should also know that I always am a very dedicated person.”</p>

<p>The Gu Yue corners of the mouth place reveals to wipe anguished, „, if one day, you discovered that I am an enemy who you have to face, you will be what kind of?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „If arrived on that day time, you are the enemy who I have to face, you have killed me. Let me live in you. Like this we are also same can not separate.” He said is very tranquil, is not sweet words and honeyed phrases, but made the Gu Yue tears once more not by Control flowed.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin lifts the hand has wiped the tears on her face, both hands gently is holding her tender face, „actually to have what? Told me, let me and you faces together.”</p>

<p>Shaking the head of Gu Yue actually makes an effort, „, I cannot say. If there is such one day, perhaps, I will kill you . Don't you fear death? Don't you think of your family member? Puts me to walk. So long as I side you, at least I cannot Control all, if I side you, you sooner or later will have lost one's life because of me.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has smiled, „in the final analysis, because I am not very formidable. Gu Yue, you felt relieved that I will try hard become formidable, protects you well. Told me, was actually who to threaten you. Who are they? We in Shrek Academy! Also has the matter that student could not cope with on Continent?”</p>

<p>Shaking the head that Gu Yue makes an effort, „not and not, you not clear, you are not clear.”</p>

<p>Looks that her mood suddenly becomes excited, Tang Wulin hurries to hug into the own bosom her, „good, that not to say. When you want to say that when told me again. Sorry, Gu Yue, I am really good to like you, do you know? Do not leave me again, regardless of many difficulties, I side you.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue has not spoken again, she knows, regardless of own said anything, is impossible to affect front the determination of this man.</p>

<p>But, what to do should own? Attempts really for a while quick with him in the same place?</p>

<p>Present they, are not once they, they have grown up, they are the adults. Was not in childhood that ignorant sentiment.</p>

<p>After Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, if continues in the same place, she knows living own that own is impossible to dominate, can only be deeper and deeper.</p>

<p>They such closely are supporting.</p>

<p>„Walks, goes to my there.” Gu Yue said in a soft voice.</p>

<p>„Good. I am also happen to homeless.” The place that Tang Wulin that just came back, truly living did not have.</p>

<p>silver light glittering, she is not willing to leave his bosom, can only time and time again lead him to leave with teleportation quietly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin surprised discovery, although own Spiritual Strength also entered Spirit Abyss Realm that stage, but when Gu Yue transfers Soul Power, actually as before gives him one type, the spiritual world vastly such as the smoke sea feeling. Actually her Spiritual Strength has achieved what kind of stage!</p>

<p>The place and Na'er that Gu Yue lives are similar, is a small log cabin, small log cabin on Sea God Island, but not in Inner Court. Without a doubt, this treatment is not ordinary Inner Court disciple can have. But because of her as the head of Shrek Seven Monsters, was assigned.</p>

<p>Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces rich degree far ultra outside on Sea God Island. Here cultivate, any type Martial Soul, has the twice the result with half the effort effect.</p>

<p>She hugs him to lie down, in that has only been spreading on the wooden bed of bed sheet, walks arm in arm in his bosom. He is hugging her, at this moment, does not have the half minute the thought that in his heart wants to blaspheme, some are only one type flows in the pure sentiment in hearts.</p>

<p>So long as can hug her like this, all became no longer seem to be important.</p>

<p>When does not know, her breath became even, that even that relaxes specially. Brow also gradually extend that she wrinkled comes, rests, in he cherishes like the baby.</p>

<p>He has smiled, exhausted also raids the heart, from coming back to the present, he never has also rested. But at this moment, all quietness, person in bosom, giving makes him very satisfied.</p>

<p>The closing one's eyes pupil, he also gradually falls asleep. Entered was him and her world.</p>

<p>Early morning Sea God lake, has the mysterious aesthetic sense, the mist fills the air, the ocean waves ripple.</p>

<p>She stood in the bund was very long, the shoulder was already moistened by the dew, did not have the meaning that the half minute must whisk off.</p>

<p>silver-haired ripples in early morning breeze, is staring at the pride of the morning of distant place, is ordinary just like the elf.</p>

<p>The big eye of purple produces an inverted image lake water, the corners of the mouth place is bringing to wipe the light smile throughout.</p>

<p>Another she comes quietly, arrives at her side to stand firm. She who the black hair flutters appears face glowing with health, on pretty face is bringing light blushing.</p>

<p>But when another she sees her, the smiling face on face actually vanished.</p>

<p>They stand shoulder to shoulder, similarly is staring at front the limpid lake water.</p>

<p>„You win!” Na'er in a soft voice and relaxed saying.</p>

<p>„You hope probably very much I win.” The Gu Yue brow is tight.</p>

<p>Na'er chuckle, „! I hope you to win actually very much, but I also already guessed correctly that you can win. Because I too understood his character. Do you believe? I as interlude, but existence, I think his wooing, but in order to finds an appropriate departure excuse.”</p>

<p>„You walked, he will be sad.” Gu Yue said.</p>

<p>Shaking the head of Na'er self-ridicules, „I lost, can I not walk? However, from the beginning I know that I will certainly lose, must lose, otherwise, he really will die, I said that right?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue was silent.</p>

<p>-------------------------------------------</p>

<p>This, everybody looks slowly, many future upholstery. I will try hard to write the following plot, behind has many ideas, I have arranged. Then, will have many everybody's unexpected plots.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>