<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="815">#815: Nightmare and Disillusioned</h2>
<p>„older generation(s), wait a moment. I have other companion. They what to do? Can I take them to come in?” Tang Wulin asked.</p>

<p>The old men stop the footsteps, „can you take them to come in?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: ‚That wants me to exit to be good first. But, I do not know how should exit.’</p>

<p>The old men he he smile, „therefore , you should better first come with me to say again. Here cannot exit.” Then, he continues toward valley walks.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not said anything again, hurries with coming up, is supporting by the arm the old man on own initiative.</p>

<p>This old person walked seems is really too difficulties, the step limped. Tang Wulin gently is holding his armpit, reduces the weight of his body.</p>

<p>„older generation(s), or I at the back of you.” Tang Wulin said.</p>

<p>„Good!” The old person is impolite.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin squatting down body, carried the old man. Old person's body is very light, regarding Tang Wulin this grade of strength, he does not have any component.</p>

<p>„Um, walks toward . The boy of good intention. However, I must remind your am, on Devil Island, the good intention is not useful. Moreover very probably brings to you troublesome.” sounds/voices of old man transmits from the back, Tang Wulin smiles, in direction that the old man refers, fast vanguard.</p>

<p>valley is very big, the ground is not smooth, but various Plant grow is good, many Plant are Tang Wulin hears something never heard of before. Moreover he discovered pleasantly surprised, because of here Life aura extremely rich reason, even if desirably meditation, is not only during the breath, the strength of his Qi and Blood will restore subtly, simultaneously leads Mysterious Heaven Skill to revolve, gradually is resuming the beforehand consumption.</p>

<p>Really, Academy will not find the place that keeps them from surviving to carry on military training.</p>

<p>Quick that Tang Wulin walks, the place that because he must quickly find is good to go to companion also to meet, because he knows, if own does not exit, time will grow everybody to be certainly anxious.</p>

<p>Across a piece of jungle, Tang Wulin oneself cultivate to restore was similar. At this time, the front topography suddenly changed low, the ground also turned into piece of purple-red. Those who make the human shock, Tang Wulin saw that place huge purple-red light beam appear(ance) place.</p>

<p>That is together seems very anomalous giant ore, it inserts in the ground, inserts in valley, only reveals part. That terrifying purple-red light beam, to airborne extends from this ore. Sees that purple-red giant ore, Tang Wulin only thought that a whole body severe pain, the body and Soul of own as if must be torn into shreds, stuffy snort, on on one knee knees down.</p>

<p>The golden dragon scales piece stress, proliferates the whole body rapidly. Battle Armor also flickers to release below. Under their protections, Tang Wulin felt better several points.</p>

<p>„Well!” The Tang Wulin back after behind old man surprised one, the next quarter, Tang Wulin has stood up.</p>

<p>„older generation(s), are you all right?” He cannot see the back old man this time strange look.</p>

<p>„, I am all right. We already became a habit here all.” The old men said: „You are truly good, first time saw the person who the stone of Ruin can block may not be really many. Most people can the stupor, I thought you also to be able.”</p>

<p>Has Tang Wulin gawked, stupor? Since knows that own may stupor, why he has not reminded......</p>

<p>He thinks of here, suddenly, at present one black, anything does not know.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin fell to the ground softly, old man then takes back has cut the hand on his neck, „was really a dumb kid. If this dumb kid places our that little while, where can live! Saw that a stranger so is close, really acts recklessly. Nightmare, comes out and come out! Throws this boy, how making me have a look at him to take to bring in his companions.”</p>

<p>The form as if walks together from the air, arrives in front of the white hair old man.</p>

<p>This similarly is an old man, seemed also compared with the white hair old man young many, but the stature was more grandiose than him.</p>

<p>„Disillusioned, is this boy of this batch of sending? Does own come in?” Nightmare referred to putting on Battle Armor Tang Wulin as before.</p>

<p>„Yes! own comes, as if also good. Throws him, looked that he can own take to bring in the companion.” Is called the Disillusioned old man waved.</p>

<p>„Why is I? How don't you go?” Nightmare very unsatisfied [say / way].</p>

<p>Disillusioned smiles, „not why! Because you cannot hit me. So is simple.”</p>

<p>The Nightmare eye stares, surroundings has black air current appear(ance) faintly, but next quarter he returned to normal, works on the ground Tang Wulin, „being disinclined manages you, came some small toys with great difficulty, I may have no free time to pay attention to your this old ghost.”</p>

<p>Then, he swings the body in a flash, next one flickers, baseless vanished.</p>

<p>Disillusioned has rubbed rubbing hands, in the limpid eye pupil full is excited, „! Had some small toys with great difficulty. This time cannot be so easy to put them to walk. How can make them be at the brink of collapse actually did not collapse? Um, this is a very interesting proposition, has been out of practice, must practice.”</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin sobers, the side encircled completely the kind look, was not just own companion.</p>

<p>„Boss, you awoke.” Looks at Tang Wulin to wake, Xie Xie called immediately excitedly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stands up from failure to sit up rapidly, traces the neck of own, the body does not have what ill place.</p>

<p>„How do I come back?”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu shrugs the arm, „flies, flies from outside. With artillery shell, is Yuan En you following. What's the matter? What has discovered?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin slightly does to hesitate, before own, all that experiences said.</p>

<p>„Can be the illusion?” Ye Xinglan asked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shook the head, „and is not the illusion. Strength of my Soul Power and Qi and Blood truly restored, that place rich Life aura vacation not. The preparation, that place should be our military training genuine must go. We must go.”</p>

<p>„Good!” The people do not have the means to restore Soul Power here, but the Tang Wulin present condition actually restored the peak.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said to Xu Lizhi: „Everyone two Restoring Stuffed Meatbun, making everybody restore the peak the physical strength, then nobody Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun is ready. Also, your Crystal Bun also gives everyone one, in making these Steamed Stuffed Bun situations, your Soul Power also suffices to support Battle Armor All-Out defense?”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi said: „Does not have the issue, I consumed before very slightly. Ok.”</p>

<p>Crystal Bun, is Xu Lizhi fifth Soul Skill, after taking, can let edible within one minute, the body surface increases a crystal protective layer, its effect is equal to own All-Out defense ability one time.</p>

<p>But this Hard Crystal Bun also has an issue, that is manufacture time must be quite long. Very difficult manufacture in the combat process to come out, must prepare ahead of time.</p>

<p>Why this was also on that day they, when facing Evil Soul Master, Xu Lizhi gave everybody without enough time the manufacture reason.</p>

<p>Each manufacture takes ten minutes, moreover is big to his own Soul Power consumption. But the advantage is, this Hard Crystal Bun his own ate is also some effects.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi manufacture Restoring Stuffed Meatbun has eaten to everybody first, recovers the energy. Tang Wulin starts assault that arranges to wait a minute.</p>

<p>After careful ponder, he had the plan.</p>

<p>Cultivates, everybody is Five Rings, but by Soul Power, Yuan En Yehui has achieved 58th Rank, is away from 60th Rank recent one. Ye Xinglan also had 56th Rank. Other people also mostly in 55th Rank about, have Tang Wulin own or 51st Rank.</p>

<p>Therefore, the Soul Power issue is not big. Most important was the body withstands ability.</p>

<p>-------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>