<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="807">#807: The idea decides</h2>
<p>„Good. Come.” A Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Claw stroke, broke the vent gently, Xie Xie Soul Ring ray of light dodged, Shadow Dragon Doppelganger split together, the hand grasped Shadow Dragon Dagger, the drilling into vent of being quietly.</p>

<p>Under Xie Xie Control, does several things at the same time to contract, relies on the creeping motion of body to drill outward, quick arrived at outside.</p>

<p>Outside is a corridor, the surroundings two rows both are the guard chamber. Xie Xie observed around, does not have what sound.</p>

<p>He is extending wall vanguard cautiously, walks, while is observing all around.</p>

<p>Because does several things at the same time, moreover is stealth does several things at the same time, he in fact does not fear is discovered that but actually cannot be discovered the guard chamber, because this will make the person of northern regiment associate to is they ran away.</p>

<p>Luckily, here does not have the energy analysis meter. The guard chamber is not the important restricted area, but is used for the soldier who detains the breach of discipline.</p>

<p>Here does not even have the entrance guard of prison that division region, he very smooth arrived at outside.</p>

<p>At this time, outside weather was completely black, but the northern regiment base is actually brilliantly illuminated, often has the soldier jogging process.</p>

<p>Xie Xie hides in the gloomy corner static the observation, his doing several things at the same time cannot be away from Innate Body to be too far. Takes now cultivation of Soul King as, most can only be separated by one kilometer, exceeds this distance also to maintain the relation and Control, Soul Power and Spiritual Strength consumption can the geometrical multiple increase.</p>

<p>Here was really too big, actually Xie Xie is unable to distinguish him now in any position. But fortunately, he saw aircraft quickly.</p>

<p>Guard chamber not far away, warehouse large door opens slowly, just aircraft that dropped from the distant place slowly opened, stopped into the warehouse.</p>

<p>Those who make Xie Xie pleasantly surprised is, this anchors the aircraft warehouse, in side of their guard chamber location place, but has separated two walls.</p>

<p>The Xie Xie breaking in warehouse fast, just saw that puts up screen on aircraft to open slowly, under four pilot are setting out aircraft.</p>

<p>Xie Xie several jumped over on aircraft, the probe head looked.</p>

<p>This is a fighter aircraft, interior has four positions to sit the human, is not spacious. Internal types of instrumentation equipment seem somewhat are really complex, now the above light is going out gradually. Four pilot are merry has gotten down aircraft. screen that aircraft lifts closes slowly.</p>

<p>In this warehouse, such aircraft also has another. The style is also same.</p>

<p>Xie Xie both eyes narrow the eyes, has gotten down aircraft quietly, returned to the guard chamber fast.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hear of Xie Xie narrated specific situation, thinks carefully after long time, „this truly is an opportunity. However, perhaps if according to the convention, we do not have that easily to be able aircraft to open. Must break through the warehouse, best is other aircraft carried out task the time, naturally takes off. But this means that we cannot come up to kidnap pilot, such did is too discovered easily. But, aircraft is too small, radically not to spatial that we hide.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „After these pilot leave, the special attendants go, inspect the aircraft condition. It is estimated that before next time will take off, must conduct the inspection.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu said: „The superiority of fighter aircraft is speed is quick, once All-Out accelerates, 30 kilometers distance is in a flash already. But the fighter aircraft also has its issue, that is in Placement sets too few, we also need pilot of specialty to operate. The interior is unable simultaneously to accommodate our these many people. Moreover, the probability that two aircraft simultaneously take off was also too small. If the transport aircraft, or is helicopter, the internal capacity is actually enough, but they are too slow in launching phase speed, perhaps we cannot leave the northern regiment base to be grasped.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Xie Xie, if in did not consider that in pilot situation, all of us push in a fighter aircraft, you think this has the possibility?”</p>

<p>Xie Xie expression somewhat strange [say / way]: „Is very difficult. Four positions, we have seven people. Perhaps a Lizhi person position not necessarily suffices. That aircraft was too small.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, „is only the words of four people, if our some people can drive aircraft, is not good. But the premise must be, our own drives aircraft to be good.”</p>

<p>„own driving?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „The control of aircraft certainly be more complex than Soul Guide Steam Vehicle, but not necessarily is more complex than Mecha many. Even also wants to be simpler. To leave through Control pilot, uncertainty was too big, completely not in our controllable scopes. Opportunity only then one time, what to do if we do meet being unafraid of death pilot? Therefore, I have an idea......”</p>

<p>„Our does own open aircraft to exit? But, who opens?” [Say / Way] of Ye Xinglan doubts.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks to Xie Xie, „we also nine days of time, in nine days, I believe that aircraft in that warehouse also meets the second sortie. You give me to go to the careful observation, how observes them to control aircraft in the launching time, writes down, society. Looks several times. My request is not high, so long as you can open aircraft, and takes off smoothly, acceleration, makes an effort the Power Control system direction, was OK. We only need to fly 30 kilometers.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie stared in a big way the eye to look at Tang Wulin, „Boss, didn't you fear the catastrophic crash? Do you such believe me?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, said: „The aircraft crash has the possibility, but there is Zhengyu and Yuan En, catastrophic crash to being insufficient. However, if was defeated, perhaps we really cannot military training. Therefore, all depended on you.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie has swallowed saliva, „do that I try?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „time also has, we must let plan strictness as far as possible, Xie Xie, for serveral days wanted to be laborious you. Reconnoiters and studies aircraft driving. Pays attention to each detail.”</p>

<p>Following several days, will have the person of northern regiment to examine the confinement indoor situation every day. helmet destructs the internal system, puts on. The handcuff is also same, simple camouflage.</p>

<p>After all, guard chamber is so short, the soldier who is responsible for examining is also only looks at one, saw them not to have any sound also to leave.</p>

<p>Finally time to seventh day.</p>

<p>Xie Xie quietly returns.</p>

<p>„How is it?” Tang Wulin asked in a low voice.</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „Can confirm, two aircraft in this warehouse, in early and late will carry out flying to reconnoiter task every day separately. When they took off the process I basically to remember. Opens the comprehensive acceleration should the issue aircraft not to be big. When do we move?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, „all adapting way (of life) we have planned, is in front of the goal a foot on difference this. This time situation is truly dangerous, but we are Shrek Seven Monsters, in any event cannot such dingy going back. Tomorrow early morning begins. In the morning should be easier than the evening, the person of this time duty is most exhausted.”</p>

<p>second day, in the morning.</p>

<p>Rouff as the flying teams and groups team leader, he is first arrives at the warehouse. With just examined the aircraft attendants to greet, he stands under aircraft, looks at own aircraft, on the face is revealing the satisfied expression.</p>

<p>He liked aircraft since childhood, he likes hovering the feeling in Sky. He is only an average person, in order to into qualified pilot, he has carried on very assiduous exercise. Under the ceaseless efforts, finally started flying five years ago.</p>

<p>From initial practice pilot to the present flying teams and groups team leader, he has made the innumerable efforts, he deeply loves flying.</p>

<p>Before him, is the Federation new-type warplane, Sky Flyer 17, is the 17 th generation of fighter aircraft. Is equipped with the Soul Guidance turbine wheel spraying equipment, adds speed to break through the sonic barrier instantaneously in 26 seconds. Four extinguish the soul aerial cannon, carries on attacks continually, simultaneously may hang eight Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, carries out the upper air long-distance attack. Is the new generation attack machine, may simultaneously ground-to-air, launch the attack to the place. Federation after six years ago replace this generation of fighter aircraft has served, by stable performance and superelevation attacks fast is famous. Most suits coordinates Mecha to carry out long-enduring attack, or as the firepower support use of Mecha regiment.</p>

<p>The Sky Flyer 17 fighter aircraft, 36 meters in length, the wingspan 29 meters, provide a turbine wheel injection engine, needs to slide 900 meters to takeoff to take off.</p>

<p>All these data deeply brand mark in Rouff heart of hearts, he deeply was already loving the own fighter aircraft, is familiar with its each detail extremely.</p>

<p>Sky Flyer 17 complete flying teams and groups comprised of four people, the unit team leaders are also the aircraft commanders, deputy aircraft commander, aerial cannon archer and missile archer.</p>

<p>The aircraft commander is mainly responsible for controlling Sky Flyer 17, deputy aircraft commander is responsible for the direction guidance, the contact control tower and control radar.</p>

<p>Aerial cannon archer and missile archer as the name suggests, the missile archer is responsible for fire control system locking. This is also why Sky Flyer 17 must provide four pilot reasons.</p>

<p>-----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>