<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="892">#892: Star Dou Stronghold</h2>
<p>Did not have impeding of Shrek Academy and Tang Sect, who obtains benefits in a big way? Definitely is not the general publics, is not Soul Master.</p>

<p>Therefore, Tang Wulin cannot believe Spirit Transferring Pagoda easily, at this time, he does not dare to indicate the own status. Because, his status was really too sensitive.</p>

<p>As Shrek Academy Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters, making that Holy Spirit Cult know that they are also living, without a doubt, they surely are the goals that the opposite party must kill.</p>

<p>Therefore, wants to go on living, first, his own must first protection good own diligently.</p>

<p>But, facing that impregnable dike, can leave here? Without doubt, this leave from the North Sea Corps seepage compared with initially them, is much more difficult much.</p>

<p>The space is not good, underground? Quick Tang Wulin denied the idea of own. Soul Beast many will also dig, on Ten-thousand Years experience by Spirit Transferring Pagoda, must guard against this point.</p>

<p>This really ascends the sky roadless, enters does not have the gate. To leave, is really not easy!</p>

<p>Gu Yue by Tang Wulin, a carefree appearance.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is probing asking: „Can Gu Yue, show me your Storage Bracelet?” In the Gu Yue right hand wrist, fine silvery-white bracelet, on bracelet is mounting the transparent gem, without doubt portrays very High Rank Soul Guidance Method Array.</p>

<p>„.” Gu Yue handing over.</p>

<p>Looks at her lush element, in the Tang Wulin sudden heart acid, own and she confirmed after Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting the lover relates, anything has not actually given to her.</p>

<p>He from own storage ring, takes out together metal(s), this metal(s) presents all over the body is silvery-white, but itself in the slight(ly) rhythm, is unexpectedly ordinary just like the living creature.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin right hand has pinched pinching on metal(s), strange appear(ance), that metal(s) unexpectedly likely is mud was pinched one by him.</p>

<p>Right hand Golden Dragon Claw springs, careful portray. Before long, a silver ring, on appear(ance) in the Tang Wulin hand.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin brings it on the left middle finger of Gu Yue, said with a smile: „Middle finger representative Passionately In Love. This is first block Soul Refinement metal(s) that my forging leaves, calculates that was very meaningful. Although has not inscribed any Nucleus method, but it is representing me to your regard. Gu Yue, do you like?”</p>

<p>On silvery-white ring not any special pattern, but there are two wraps in the together heart-shaped trace.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forging free time, but in this carving, did not have what special ability, can only be considered as on is fair. Only precious, is this is together Soul Refinement metal(s), but Soul Refinement metal(s) does not have a Nucleus method stimulation of movement, is harder than ordinary metal(s) and resiliency strong that's all.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin looks at this ring, the expression in eye has actually filled gently.</p>

<p>Gu Yue has delivered his silver scales as the presenting a gift faith token, he also makes a return gift now to Gu Yue this ring.</p>

<p>„Thank You (xiexie) Daddy, no, Wulin.” Gu Yue smiles looks at the ring on own, on pretty face is revealing the smiling face of the heart.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin grips her hand, „my this life, will only deliver the ring to you. Entire life wholeheartedly person.”</p>

<p>„Good! Good!” Gu Yue applauds, cheering.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin laughs in spite of trying not, her as before likely child.</p>

<p>At this time, he has picked from Gu Yue wrist general her Storage Bracelet. In Gu Yue this Storage Bracelet, the thing are really many. Some bottles of cans, do not know that is any thing, inscribes Nucleus method metal(s), even also some instruments and so on thing. Actually is Tang Wulin does not know.</p>

<p>Looked for the moment, finally made him find several have been similar to Identification Card and token and so on thing.</p>

<p>It is not clear regarding Spirit Transferring Pagoda internal organizational structure Tang Wulin, but by the Gu Yue status, passes and out here should not to have the issue. Otherwise, initially did they come in?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin bracelet gives back to Gu Yue, then starts to give own cosmetics .</p>

<p>Cannot delay again, Gu Yue loses remembers that they must leave here as soon as possible. Then can find the place to help her treat!</p>

<p>However, now Gu Yue is unconscious, he also needs to carry on training to her, can move.</p>

<p>Two days later.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda Star Dou Stronghold.</p>

<p>Star Dou Stronghold from establishment to the present, already over three Thousand Years history. Before three Thousand Years, numerous position Ferocious Beast of Star Dou Forest Nucleus circle routs after a war loses, Spirit Transferring Pagoda makes use to establish this stronghold, and reaches the agreement with numerous Ferocious Beast, Humanity no longer continues to fell forest. But Ferocious Beast also live here.</p>

<p>If the Ferocious Beast assault Humanity defense line, then, Humanity has the right to strike to kill rashly, but if Humanity enters in forest, Ferocious Beast also greatly may kill it, was not affected by the contract.</p>

<p>It seems, both sides seem to be equal. But when Star Dou Stronghold lasts to count Hundred Year, genuine completes, the Star Dou Forest Nucleus circle, actually won to turn into genuine prison cell.</p>

<p>Soul Beast look like rears in a pen here, but Spirit Transferring Pagoda can actually the sell dear enter here admission ticket. Life and Death is proud, but only here, has Soul Beast of high equivalent to make Soul Master be possible to have Top Rank Soul Ring.</p>

<p>Ferocious Beast want to renege on a promise again, already late. They are not the Humanity matches.</p>

<p>Relies on the Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell array, the Mecha regiment, Top Rank Battle Armor Master is coordinating screen defense, making Ferocious Beast be unable to escape even with wings, can only bear patiently in big forest.</p>

<p>But Spirit Transferring Pagoda does not have to force, after completing the whole has reared in a pen, no longer disturbs these Soul Beast to live, but occasionally allows some people to enter. As for going in whether to be living coming out, was very difficult saying that only if paid the extremely high expense or resources again, can dispatch Elite to protect by Spirit Transferring Pagoda.</p>

<p>But Spirit Transferring Pagoda such procedure, obtained the Federation agreement, the reason is very simple, as the matter stands, Soul Beast will be nothing left regarding the threat of Humanity, during all are controlling.</p>

<p>„Monkey, your side how is it?” Star Dou Stronghold advocates in the screen Control tower, wears the female of uniform to ask through communications device.</p>

<p>„Sister Xing, me all normal. All screen pressurizing valves are normal.” Another side hears a somewhat high-pitched and fine male voice.</p>

<p>„Receives.”</p>

<p>Sister Xing advocates one of the Control tower heads, is responsible for the supervisory work of all equipment, every day needs to conduct the routine inspection, to guarantee that all equipment revolve normally.</p>

<p>Several Thousand Years come, Star Dou Stronghold screen constantly strengthens. Now is legend Elite in Beast God that stage, wants to clash hardly, needs to continue All-Out attack several hours to have the possibility, but had that time words, Spirit Transferring Pagoda already can assemble Elite to come to deal.</p>

<p>Stretches oneself, on the Sister Xing face reveals the color of relaxation, inspects all normally, did not have any issue. Then is relaxed a day.</p>

<p>Although Star Dou Stronghold is similar to the military base seals up generally, but various internal entertainment facilities are perfect, will not be bored. Yesterday evening, she has drunk many liquor in the bar. However, as a profession female, particularly technician, regardless has what kind of life the day before, will not affect her second day work and specialization.</p>

<p>„Di Di!” In this time, the communications device aspect is suddenly resounding.</p>

<p>„Well.” Sister Xing hurries to look to front screen.</p>

<p>„What situation?” Sister Xing hurries to ask.</p>

<p>„Reported the control tower. Prepares Spirit Transferring Envoy(s) Miss Gu Yuena, was requested to return by interior. Simultaneously also has Spirit Transferring Envoy(s) Sir Xu Shengqun to accompany.”</p>

<p>Sister Xing said: „After inspection identification, can allow to pass.”</p>

<p>„Yes!”</p>

<p>Sister Xing shuts off the communication, [say / way] that thought aloud: „These Sir Spirit Transferring Envoy(s), always enter using the privilege transmission of own, did not greet ahead of time. Really.”</p>

<p>„Di Di.”</p>

<p>„How?” Sister Xing ill-humored presses the communication, she only wants to go back to make up now as soon as possible thinks.</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>