<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="897">#897: Seven Monsters convergence</h2>
<p>All the way, six times, Mecha has flown from their top of the head. Three fighter aircraft have flown. It can be imagined, now Shrek City nearby atmosphere is tight.</p>

<p>This large explosion, has affected the heartstrings of countless person, now entire Continent perhaps is the condition of being frightened by the slightest sound.</p>

<p>To the evening, Tang Wulin drives to enter Heaven Dou City finally. Has related Ye Xinglan once more, finally saw everybody in remote small Hotel.</p>

<p>The people are almost clash, everyone has given him a big hug. Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi are choking with sobs of crying.</p>

<p>They are very clear, if on that day were not Tang Wulin jumps, blocked that not to know that with the body of own perhaps the rank formidable Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, all of them will die. But at that time, Tang Wulin does not know that Gu Yue may appear(ance) rescue his!</p>

<p>„You came back finally, you came, I can also put down the heavy burden. Captain, welcome you to return to the unit.” Ye Xinglan serious said to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Yes, they are Shrek Squad, is the Shrek Academy final glory, is Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters.</p>

<p>Revives Shrek, their Duty-bound Responsibility.</p>

<p>„Daddy, who are they?” In this time, bringing several points of doubts sounds/voices behind to transmit from Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The somewhat dignified atmosphere instantaneously changes.</p>

<p>Gu Yue behind pokes head from Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Boss, is your this? Does the role act?” Xie Xie dry saying.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is holding the hand of Gu Yue, draws her to own side, smiles bitterly, „you thought that what role I can have the thoughts to play to act? Gu Yue helped me block that large explosion, at that time specific had any me unclear. But when we wake, she lost recalls. Has called then me Daddy.”</p>

<p>„Lost recalls? Is she Gu Yue? This and aren't this Na'er?” The Xu Xiaoyan restraining weeping sound, looks to Gu Yue.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is smiling bitterly shaking the head, meets the Gu Yue later matter own, as well as her look is the same with Na'er, was actually distinguished by own is the Gu Yue process simply narrated.</p>

<p>Xie Xie is probing asking: „Gu Yue, do you also know me?”</p>

<p>Besides Tang Wulin, is he and Xu Xiaoyan knew that Gu Yue time is longest.</p>

<p>„Did not know.” Gu Yue vacant shaking the head.</p>

<p>Always strong Ye Xinglan eye socket one red, „to save us. Her present appearance, what to do? Can treat?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „I do not know. After being out of danger, I first chose to meet with you. Then if wants the means to treat and cure her. I am not clear, she can this situation, now......”</p>

<p>„I have a look.” Very hoarse sounds/voices resounds. The inside room, a person walked.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin sees her, cannot believe the eye of own simply.</p>

<p>Ya Li changed, the whole person completely changed the appearance, she looked like has dehydrated generally, the surface did not have blood-colored, the whole person seemed to the human an emaciated feeling. Outstandingly beautiful appearance originally even several points of withered feeling, a long hair completely turned into grey white at this time.</p>

<p>A night of old age, but such as is.</p>

<p>„Your Excellency, you......” Tang Wulin surprised visits her.</p>

<p>The Ya Li step even somewhat staggers, gradually arrives in front of Tang Wulin, shakes the head to him, her eyes is red, does not have the least bit appearance. Lifts the hand slowly, is bringing gentle white light, gently according to the Gu Yue forehead.</p>

<p>What the people are most fearful is loses hope, without a doubt, the heart of this Holy Spirit Douluo, followed Sky Raising Douluo.</p>

<p>In white halo that in Ya Li releases, Gu Yue appears somewhat at a loss loses presence of mind, but clearly, she as if no what feeling.</p>

<p>A moment later, Ya Li receives to reach behind the back slowly, brow slightly pressed, „her situation is a little special, body function not any issue. Should be the sea of Soul receives assault, causes cranial nerve Variation, thus has sealed up her memory storehouse. Caused this losing to recall the condition.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat anxious asking: „Can this situation treat?”</p>

<p>Ya Li said: „It is not easy. The human body most complex organ is the brain, the brain is extremely mysterious existence, according to the Federation research, the development of human body brain is limited throughout, is unable the ascertainment to be completely secret. Only can general carry on some simple districts to the brain. How may involve these districts, until now does not have the conclusion. This is also one of the Soul Guidance Technology important research directions. Cannot treat rashly, otherwise, is not good to cause her cranial nerve to damage, will have the irreversible injury to her.”</p>

<p>Listened to her words, Tang Wulin to hold breath cold air, must know that front now on Continent most Top Rank Cure System Soul Master, including her said the Gu Yue situation was very troublesome, that may really trouble.</p>

<p>Looks at the Tang Wulin color deterioration the face, Ya Li said: „Do not be worried that this situation does not have the means completely. On the other hand, encounters this situation, so long as found just right Heaven and Earth Treasure, can help her strengthen the body function, includes the cranial nerve, strengthens the body's natural resistance and removes harmful factors, making the cranial nerve return to normal, the memory naturally also restored. I can think can treat this issue Heaven and Earth Treasure to have one type, named Singular Velvet Sky Chrysanthemum, is rare, moreover at least wants above Ten-thousand Years is good. If Shrek also, but can also use Academy strength to seek, but......” speaks of here now, her look instantaneously became gloomy.</p>

<p>The people were silent. The heart of everyone such as falling lead ingot. Shrek did not have, their roots did not have.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, „Your Excellency, we will certainly reconstruct Shrek, making Shrek reappear magnificently. I guaranteed!”</p>

<p>The pressure slight bow, on the face actually reveals anguished, „the future will depend on you. Support that I can All-Out to go to you.” Spoke these words, she turned around to move toward the room.</p>

<p>She can insist is living, is the huge will, only for hope of Shrek that reconstruction, for just before the end hope of Sky Raising Douluo.</p>

<p>Is Present Generation Sea God Pavilion Pavilion Master, saw that Shrek Academy was destroyed, the Yun Ming pain can be imagined. If not complete the last wish the thoughts to support for him, Ya Li already together with him.</p>

<p>Ten-thousand Years Singular Velvet Sky Chrysanthemum.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin holds on the hand of Gu Yue, mind is firm, this Heaven and Earth Treasure association found. Certainly can cure Gu Yue. Now he is the pillars of all people, in any event, he cannot be dejected, Shrek likely only remaining their this strength. As Captain, his Duty-bound Responsibility must lift up the expectation of this huge pressure and Shrek.</p>

<p>„Everybody spiritual gets up, the sky has not collapsed. Shrek, we. Since Academy has chosen us as Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters, means that we are outstanding enough, mean our future should be able to haunch entire Shrek. This is our responsibility, is our duties. Academy has trained us, we take is a Academy member for the honor. In my heart, Shrek forever is present age first Academy, in my heart, no matter, we must march forward courageously. Where tumbles, where crawls.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan steadfast standing Tang Wulin, her sinking sound track: „Wulin, you said that how should we then do?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sinking sound track: „Now outside situation is complex, Academy was destroyed, Federation Parliament dismisses, entire Continent is in the chaotic condition. In this case, we do not have the means to depend upon, is everyone cannot believe. In childhood, my Father had spoken a few words to me, making me still have a vivid memory. He said that the human this life can completely depend upon has own, I deeply to be so. Now, we can trust and dependence completely also only then we.”</p>

  </body>
</html>