<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="792">#792: Golden Dragon Soars</h2>
<p>One step steps forward, Tang Wulin jumped over, he has not released Martial Soul, because can change into the mist Soul Skill to see from formerly the match that his Martial Soul will not play anything to affect. Such being the case, was inferior that does not use.</p>

<p>Void , a Tang Wulin fist rumbles, the sound of body dragon roar begins. It seems like an unadorned fist rumbles instantaneous, his whole person from the under foot to the coccygeal vertebra, follows the entire vertebra to extend again upwardly, to the human whole body extend, regains consciousness the general feeling just like Mighty Dragon.</p>

<p>All that extend comes, all converge above this fist finally.</p>

<p>The right fist of Golden Dragon Claw rumbles, is centered on the Tang Wulin body, in a diameter three meters range, turned into bright golden-colored suddenly, next one flickers, his whole body under lead of right fist, suddenly in airborne glittering.</p>

<p>In Sky appear(ance) has been dozens meters golden-colored band of light, a diameter three meters band of light almost dodges to pass.</p>

<p>That Evil Soul Master can only change into one group of mist promptly, but so, called out pitifully, again condense became human form time, the body swayed is crashing in the place.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Soars!</p>

<p>The strength of bloodline erupts in the compression, the flash that the use erupts leads the body, in that condition, Tang Wulin itself is almost at the Tyrant Body condition strongly, whole body strength at 1 : 00, a little likely is the person sword unites, attack 30 meters in diameter, can only straight line attack, these be the limit. The assault strength that but is erupting instantaneously is actually three times of his normal attack strength.</p>

<p>The Scarlet Dragon Douluo Zhuo Shi Scarlet Dragon Nine Styles third type, Dragon Soars! Said accurately, he teaches Tang Wulin should be Divine Dragon Nine Styles, affects on Tang Wulin, is Golden Dragon Nine Styles. Therefore is, Golden Dragon Soars!</p>

<p>That flickers, Tang Wulin looks like extend opens dragon claw Golden Dragon King, under personal appearance assault, has Blocks God, Kills God and Blocks Buddha, Kills Buddha might greatly.</p>

<p>This is the Tang Wulin first time uses Golden Dragon Soars this type in the fight of genuine, the effect is very tangible.</p>

<p>Because this type, not only has strength of Soul Power and bloodline, also has integration of Spiritual Strength. Therefore is all-around attack. Even if that Evil Soul Master changes into the mist, received assault similarly.</p>

<p>After falling to the ground Evil Soul Master not to dare to pull rank finally again, body grey ray of light shone, covered the whole body just like leaf armor, the back, one pile of ash-gray wing extend came, seemed looks like gigantic bat.</p>

<p>Battle Armor! Has Wings Battle Armor, Two Word Battle Armor!</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Evil Soul Master of this Seven Rings Soul Saint rank, similarly is also Two Word Battle Armor Master!</p>

<p>Battle Armor takes possession, Evil Soul Master aura immediately becomes entirely different.</p>

<p>Must know that Battle Armor can promote Soul Master two stage, although Seven Rings Soul Saint put on Two Word Battle Armor to the Titled Douluo standard, but absolutely has also surpassed Eight Rings Soul Douluo stage.</p>

<p>surroundings world suddenly gloomy, that Evil Soul Master face upwards to send out a keenly blowing, immediately, Tang Wulin only thought that was similar the sharp acupuncture to enter the own spiritual world, the forehead severe pain. Meanwhile, within the body bloodline in his Control galloped suddenly, madness to rush.</p>

<p>Those who make Tang Wulin with amazement is, because of bloodline appear(ance) short out-of-control, had overrun toward Golden Dragon King ninth Seal unexpectedly.</p>

<p>This is fighting! How can clash ninth Seal at this time, this and suicide anything have not distinguished.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to nip the tip of tongue, as far as possible lets the own sober several points. Body point golden light (Jin Guang) shines, released own Battle Armor.</p>

<p>golden-colored Battle Armor cover whole body, immediately, to rush bloodline aura received the suppression from outside, Soul Power obtains the formidable amplification, Tang Wulin Control lived in own bloodline finally again. mask falls, covers his handsome face. The Tang Wulin right hand wipes on the forehead, Golden Dragon Spear rises suddenly against the wind, was grasped by him in the hand.</p>

<p>gold helmet gold armor gold mask! Begins again grasps Golden Dragon Spear. When the Tang Wulin floating body falls to the ground, martial-looking extraordinary.</p>

<p>In hand Golden Dragon Spear one horizontal, in his look ray of light blooms, the body under squats slightly, the next quarter, once more overran toward that Evil Soul Master.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Spear punctures like lightning, changes into the (spear|gun) glow. But strange appear(ance), body of that Evil Soul Master under Golden Dragon Spear covers, actually when just like not having the weight in airborne glittering, can always not allow sends to avoid Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Spear attack in the middle generally rapidly.</p>

<p>His that a pair of Sharp Claws had the Two Word Battle Armor amplification, becomes has foot Yu Chang fully, presents for the grey Crystallized Body shape, while fending, often attacks a claw.</p>

<p>His speed was really too quick, Tang Wulin is unable to fend completely. A claw falls, on Tang Wulin One Word Battle Armor will leave several white traces.</p>

<p>But at this time Tang Wulin this was named as Battle Armor of dragon showed the formidable defense strength, whenever Evil Soul Master attack fell on his Battle Armor, Battle Armor of that part will reappear light pattern of scales shape, enormous degree melted that Sharp Claws attack strength.</p>

<p>Generally speaking, Two Word Battle Armor suppresses to One Word Battle Armor absolutely, but this Evil Soul Master cannot achieve this point obviously. This no doubt is Spiritual Metal builds with Tang Wulin One Word Battle Armor related, what is more important is Tang Wulin defense strength is astonishing.</p>

<p>However, this time Tang Wulin does not feel better, opposite party speed is too quick, drifts from place to place, his attack is unable to fall on the tangible, place that huge strength has not vented. This match for him is hard to deal with, the superiority cannot display.</p>

<p>But Evil Soul Master of that Soul Saint rank wants to take Tang Wulin not to be easy, the Tang Wulin defense strength is too strong, and has formerly Golden Dragon Soars to the deep impression that he makes, at this time this Two Word Battle Armor Evil Soul Master is discrete, is unceasing You Dou, attempts to weaken Tang Wulin Soul Power, seeks unceasingly initiates attack emptily.</p>

<p>They fell into here have entangled war, but other one side, Shrek Seven Monsters other six people of situations were also less optimistic.</p>

<p>Altogether 11 Evil Soul Master have sphered Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui they. And initiated madness attack.</p>

<p>Evil Soul Master in the Soul Master world completely is another system, even if Martial Soul is the same, if took the Evil Soul Master cultivate route, ability that cultivate comes out is also entirely different.</p>

<p>Forefront Six Rings Evil Soul Master is hardest to deal with, is One Word Battle Armor Master, Martial Soul that releases is also one by one rarely seen.</p>

<p>Four Six Rings Evil Soul Master Martial Soul was one turned into Skeleton respectively, was dressing armor piece Skeleton. The personal appearance is huge, eight meters high, the whole body skeleton is extremely fully sturdy, in addition protection of One Word Battle Armor. The frontage attacks hardly. Grasps a handle is seven meters giant chopper.</p>

<p>Luckily, Shrek Seven Monsters also has Yuan En Yehui, Great Titan Ape Martial Soul releases, a pair of had not been launched by Giant Hammer(s) of Academy confiscation, meets the tough head-on with toughness, has blocked the attack of this huge Skeleton.</p>

<p>second Six Rings Evil Soul Master, is one seems is similar to the person of clown general appearance, his face side is white, side is black, seems very strange. In the mouth sends out villainous smile unceasingly. Body unceasing in revolving, is similar to slowly, frightened and so on curse ability is falling on Shrek unceasingly strangely six, is weakening them. Moreover he also hides behind other Evil Soul Master, cannot suffice him.</p>

<p>Third Six Rings Evil Soul Master turned into a giant wolf appearance, the whole body has been sending out the bloody air/Qi, fought, while picked up formerly the black-clothed person corpse unexpectedly, ate the hearts of these black-clothed person specially, every time ate a heart, his attack strength will promote several points. The whole body superficial knowledge presents is the iron grey, invulnerability. Ye Xinglan Star Divine Sword is unable to puncture he is dressing Battle Armor.</p>

<p>fourth 6th Rank Evil Soul Master is in these four people seems most normal one, his normalcy is because he seems also looks like individual, rides a whole body to brave the black flame bone horse, a little likely is the nightmare in legend. The whole body is covering weighty black armor piece, grasps the heavy sword, chops the delight of cutting with Le Zhengyu mutually.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui to Skeleton Evil Soul Master, Ye Xinglan to giant wolf Evil Soul Master, Le Zhengyu confronts horseman Evil Soul Master. Three people of frontages shoulder somewhat to be strenuous hardly.</p>

<p>The same level rank, Evil Soul Master is stronger than ordinary Soul Master, but Shrek Seven Monsters obviously is not ordinary Soul Master. But front these Evil Soul Master in cultivation are also higher than them for the aspect on stage! Let alone behind also Control System Evil Soul Master unceasingly weakens them through various curses.</p>

<p>Xie Xie thinks actually very much act solves that clown Evil Soul Master, but the issue is, he must stay in behind, protects Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi direct combat ability was too weak, if he also walked, other Evil Soul Master certainly will go then to enter.</p>

<p>In other seven Evil Soul Master, five Five Rings Evil Soul Master, two are also One Word Battle Armor Master, another four are 4th Rank Evil Soul Master.</p>

<p>---------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Thank You (xiexie) everybody's blessing, although this is in my this life most is unable a happy birthday, but there are you, I have strong foundation and power. Thank your for 13 years companion. I try hard, I support certainly am continue write a book for everybody. Thank You (xiexie) you.</p>

  </body>
</html>