<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="782">#782: Penalty?</h2>
<p>„Localization? Plant Control. Very good, many two aspects.” Yun Ming [say / way] looking pensive: „In other words, if you can Control this Soul Skill, in fact you be able momentarily to transmit to any Plant there that own this Soul Skill controls, and after sending out the own Soul Power violent increases attack. Right?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Probably is this. But my a little Control not. I feel these, then anything does not know.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming nodded, „can feel these not to be very easy. Um, from now on, in your oneself has not promoted before Eight Rings, Spiritual Strength has not broken through before Spirit Domain Realm, do not consider to use this Soul Power matter.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin one dull, „you meant that does not have Soul Power of Eight Rings rank, isn't able to inspire this Soul Skill?”</p>

<p>Yun Ming said: „Yes. Poured into according to me to the Soul Power total quantity of your within the body at that time, should be this. Luckily, what your cultivate is Mysterious Heaven Skill. If wants to use this Soul Skill forcefully, needs enough many cultivate Mysterious Heaven Skill person to pour into Soul Power for you, has inspiring to be possible. But when most people are unable the Soul Power output of Control own is pure Soul Power, but does not dope own Martial Soul properties. Therefore, do not attempt easily, because in that case, other people's Martial Soul properties will affect you, will cause you to overstate.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming of course is not other person of this categories, takes his cultivation as, wants own Soul Power in unnecessary some strips the nature without question. But changes individual not to be likely good.</p>

<p>Has Tang Wulin swallowed saliva, Spirit Domain Realm Spiritual Strength? Then is very as if remote from own! Eight Rings say nothing. Has not known how long wants to achieve Eight Rings. But this Soul Skill is unable to inspire through the strength of Qi and Blood obviously.</p>

<p>He does not have, because own obtained formidable Soul Skill to be excited, what polarity was, Tang Wulin somewhat was depressed.</p>

<p>Fifth Soul Skill, this is only fifth Soul Skill!</p>

<p>Fifth is Soul Skill good, what meaning has no way with having? Wants fifth Soul Skill when Eight Rings can use, means that now cannot increase many strengths to him. Simply is the weak.</p>

<p>Moreover, in the future can use, wants own Spiritual Strength to achieve Spirit Domain Realm. Spirit Domain Realm so is good to achieve?</p>

<p>Spirit Abyss Realm is most Soul Master Peak, but Spirit Domain Realm and Spirit Abyss Realm, although has missed big stage, but effect but different.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Spiritual Strength can promote Spirit Abyss Realm, that is because he buries the bone in Dragon Valley, obtained the asylums of numerous Dragon Clan, in unknowingly promotes. But such chance is not that easily can obtain obviously.</p>

<p>In other words, if own Spiritual Strength cannot achieve Spirit Domain Realm, this Soul Skill is not likely able to use.</p>

<p>This kind of weak, is the food tastelessly hates to discard something simply. Can Tang Wulin not be depressed?</p>

<p>However, Yun Ming does not think obviously, he has thought in the time of Tang Wulin stupor, pupil light glittering, looks at Tang Wulin, said: „To display this Soul Skill, the Soul Power promotion can proceed in an orderly way, but I think that you should promote Spiritual Strength emphatically. The method of Spiritual Strength cultivate is limited, you can focus on cultivate Tang Sect Purple Demon Eyes at present. But Purple Demon Eyes is unable to act with undue haste. I will help you seek for cultivate Spiritual Strength Method as far as possible.”</p>

<p>„Yes, Thank You (xiexie) you.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming complexion sank suddenly, „, but, because you caused Golden Tree energy to weaken 30% this matters, you must give a Academy confession. Discussed after the Sea God Pavilion conference that had decided gives your penalty.”</p>

<p>Penalty? Tang Wulin heart one tight.</p>

<p>What can be? But anything, so long as did not affect own cultivate on the line.</p>

<p>Yun Ming sinking sound track: „You later must leave Academy time, goes out to gain experience, not only you, your Shrek Squad must go out to gain experience. You also young, cultivates to have, what now most needs is disciplines. You will be delivered to the Federation army by Academy. In there, you will be under the severest training. When obtained there approval, you can come back.”</p>

<p>The training of army as penalty? The Tang Wulin look is somewhat strange. In army, even if the Mecha army, what was also considered as?</p>

<p>They may be the Shrek Academy outstanding student, One Word Battle Armor Master! Such strength, places outside, that was assuming sole responsibility for an important task existence. What can the army have to train lives rarely their?</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart has doubts.</p>

<p>But he saw the smiling face on Yun Ming face quickly, his smiling face is somewhat strange, but why does not know, Tang Wulin always thought that in this Sea God Pavilion Master smiling face, is having such cruel flavor. Or is to rejoice in other people's misfortunes.</p>

<p>„This army, named Federation's Flag. But in fact, is actually not pure subordinates in Federation. Said accurately that Federation is not clear, what strength this kind of army has. After you went, knows. But wants to enter this army, is not that easy. You rest here, tomorrow spiritual will restore some to go back. Gives you several days preparation time, waits for you fully to restore, immediately set off.”</p>

<p>Sky Raising Douluo has not explained the words, Tang Wulin naturally cannot ask anything. An army can make Sea God Pavilion Master such attach great importance, this is not simple! Definitely is not the ordinary army. Actually can be what?</p>

<p>He does not have what understanding to the army, how even if wants not to be impossible to get the answer again! Tang Wulin does not think simply. Is ready to cope with anything to resist by whatever means available, do they walk has experienced the matter to be few? It is not the army training, anything could not have passed.</p>

<p>Sea God Island as well as Shrek City appear(ance) Plant turns into golden-colored this matter to subside quickly. In most people opinion, this should be the Shrek Academy elders is carrying on any formidable ability cultivate. of course, this also made Shrek Academy cover a mysterious veil.</p>

<p>Five days later. Tang Wulin and his companion were ordered to build up in the Shrek Inner Court square.</p>

<p>The person who the Sea God Pavilion aspect, comes is Old Cai.</p>

<p>Sees Old Cai, the premonition in Tang Wulin heart was poorer, each time Old Cai to the matter that they arranged, is not easy to complete.</p>

<p>„military training? At least one year of military training?” Other people received the news, but is the same with Tang Wulin, they are not clear, actually this military training means anything.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks to companion, people are also visiting him. Tang Wulin beforehand these days continuously on Sea God Island, moreover did not have appear(ance). Said accurately that since recent a half year of time, besides has provided forging rare metal(s) to them, Tang Wulin does not have appear(ance).</p>

<p>Original Tang Wulin planned that looks for own that Divine Craftsman Senior Teacher, but this time did not have time. Only after can wait for this behavior military training to finish, said again. Feng Wuyu already taught Soul Refinement some skill, request and cultivate Method to him. What are more is needs to try to find out.</p>

<p>„Captain, what situation?” Le Zhengyu asked to Tang Wulin in a low voice. He stands side Tang Wulin, but Xu Xiaoyan stands in another side of team, can see from this point, among them the relations have not recovered. In the surface seems does not have what different that's all.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head, said: „I do not know the military training specific situation, but I can tell you. This was Old Yun says personally to my penalty.”</p>

<p>Such remarks, Le Zhengyu has opened mouth immediately.</p>

<p>Who is Yun Ming? Said that is the Douluo Continent first person is not overrated certainly, this said personally to the penalty of Tang Wulin, that can be simple military training blames.</p>

<p>At this time, Old Cai arrived at their front. Looks at the Tang Wulin seven people, Old Cai coughs.</p>

<p>„You have grown up, takes military service is the responsibility of each Federation citizen. Therefore, you arrived have taken the military service age. This military training, is equal to your military service times. time is uncertain. Longest two years. We hope that after you can complete two years of military service, comes back again.”</p>

<p>We hope that can complete? How this saying sounds that shen hurriedly!</p>

<p>Xie Xie cannot bear ask: „Old Cai, is actually any military service! Can you divulge the details to us?”</p>

<p>Old Cai shot a look at his one eyes, „can military secret, say casually? I can tell you am. At present in Academy, has participated in this military service person, less than 30 people, can complete complete two years of military service. Has four people. In these four people, excluding me.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin surprised [say / way]: „In 30 people that you said that includes including Sea God Pavilion Ancient?”</p>

<p>Old Cai nodded, „of course, but is not complete. It is not all Ancient has participated in this military service. Good, you think now many also useless. Because will not obtain too many things from here you, lets one's thoughts wander with it, would rather prepares. We hope that you can harvest in this military service. Now what I must say is the matters needing attention.”( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>