<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="877">#877: Sky Raising's Light, Final Brilliant Era</h2>
<p>These three 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell are born before two Thousand Years, after they are born, the entire Humanity science and technology stagnated of Thousand Years, is resources that because initially they consumed is really extremely huge.</p>

<p>These three 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, were being protected by strictest way (of life) by Federation, as the entire Douluo Continent ultimate weapon.</p>

<p>Their title, is also called, Kill the Gods! In other words, these three Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell are considered that has to murder Kill the Gods ability. The mighty energy can be imagined.</p>

<p>Nobody has experimented their might, even under 12th Rank, 11th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell no longer existence. May regarding them, attaching great importance to of Federation forever be most Advanced other. If one day, really must use them, needing entire Federation Parliament unanimously pass, there is a ticket, is unuseful.</p>

<p>Who can think that is such terrifying existence, the entire Continent ultimate weapon, actually meets appear(ance) here, appear(ance) in Shrek Academy, appear(ance) in Tang Sect.</p>

<p>Two 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell mighty energy, sufficiently the entire Shrek City thorough destruction!</p>

<p>That beforehand take-off numerous position Titled Douluo, numerous position Inner Court disciple, all sudden large explosion disappear in this terrifying and. Certainly temporary Shrek Academy, unexpectedly vanishes in puff of smoke in the moment.</p>

<p>This is the terrifying science and technology, after this is the Humanity science and technology studies so the degree, killing that genuine creates.</p>

<p>In the Yun Ming hand Sky Raising Spear holds up high, that came from Golden Tree Life energy is bursting out the eye-catching glory, falls on Shrek Academy the 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell named: Kill the Gods, Ruin the Heavens, Destroy the Earth. Falls that side Tang Sect, named: Kill the Gods, Devour the Heavens and Earth.</p>

<p>At this moment, can see from his angle of view that entire Shrek City is breaking up.</p>

<p>Wipes the mirthless smile to flow from his corners of the mouth place, his 4th Rank Battle Armor suddenly fierce combustion, by his Limit Douluo mighty energy, impossible to contend with 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell the strength of Kill the Gods, but if he wants to run away, does not have anybody to block to block him.</p>

<p>But can he walk? He cannot. Shrek Academy perishes in light of this, as Present Generation Sea God Pavilion Pavilion Master, his Duty-bound Responsibility, he cannot walk.</p>

<p>He can see on distant place that huge Skeleton, in that Evil Soul Master eye cloudy and cold vision of ridicule, can feel in Shrek City clearly, terminations of Life.</p>

<p>How may regret , was unable to reverse the present aspect.</p>

<p>How are all these occur? Why 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell will reveal, why under for many years peace, Shrek City own defense already small and weak in this way. If these two Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell nearby do not launch, if launches outside the city, at least will not cause so the devastating disaster.</p>

<p>In the Yun Ming mind flashes through innumerable thoughts instantaneously, but he can do now, has a matter.</p>

<p>Sky Raising, Shooting Day!</p>

<p>Dazzling golden light (Jin Guang), his own complete coverage golden light (Jin Guang) vigorous eruption, in him behind, golden-colored rays starts appear(ance), these golden-colored rays each other interweave and are outlining, take shape strange huge rune. After this rune appear(ance). Entire spatial suddenly static. On distant place Skeleton nine Evil Soul Master are astonished by it.</p>

<p>Is that Evil Soul Master right hand wields, under the body Skeleton escapes suddenly, instantaneous already to hundred li (0.5km) beyond, his complexion is cloudy, in the mouth puts out two characters, „God Position!”</p>

<p>That golden-colored rays outlined the forming rapidly, sad cry also resounded under the Yun Ming body, „did not want! Elder Brother Ming.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming lowered the head slowly, is full of the attachment looked under one that outstandingly beautiful tender face, „I do not have the face to see the Shrek older generations. Left Ya Li. Looks after own well, is Shrek, retains the final seed.”</p>

<p>Spoke these words, in his hand Sky Raising Spear shakes suddenly, back that [say / way] golden-colored ray breaks up suddenly, while they break up, innumerable radiant golden light (Jin Guang) burst out suddenly, in an instant spreads to entire Shrek City unexpectedly, will put in order sky over Shrek City to cover completely.</p>

<p>Yun Ming enters step Limit Douluo to have dozens years, in these dozens years of time, he was inquiring about is the Humanity limit, is inquiring about the path to another world.</p>

<p>He cannot feel God Realm existence, only then genuine to this realm, understands that God Realm is real, but God Realm is actually not receiving and instructing the world.</p>

<p>Wants genuine Becomes a God, only if, creates God Realm again.</p>

<p>Yun Ming in all previous Sea God Pavilion Master, cultivates for absolute being considered as on is among the best, he does not know whether own this life will succeed, but he has actually been trying hard, at least is paving the way for the posterity, he also believes that the near future, Humanity can certainly walk once more, reconstructs God Realm.</p>

<p>In him behind the position of that Gods, is he newly-established, in the future will plan to roam through the preparation outside outer space. God Realm needs the position of Gods, in old book early has the record. When the position of his own Gods is formidable enough, when to him can formidable homemade God Realm, at least covers Douluo Continent this world, he succeeds.</p>

<p>What a pity, he dozens years of effort, initially peeps the access, even if all normal, this life impossible real Creation leaves God Realm to come, he can do, leaves behind own experience.</p>

<p>But at this moment, Shrek Academy suddenly by so total destruction, when he is outspoken when the position of own that incomplete Gods releases, he is the god of moment.</p>

<p>Gods breaks up, energy that Fallen of god, brings, is the peak that in this life can reach.</p>

<p>Two 12th Rank Kill the Gods Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell have succeeded, they succeed Kill the Gods, but Yun Ming also uses own final strength, is melting their terrifying destructive power.</p>

<p>purple and black, under that golden-colored neutralize, were attracted to absorb in the midair forcefully, three colors collide and pester mutually. Unceasing disintegration and to shatter.</p>

<p>The body of Yun Ming gradually becomes illusory, regardless of Ya Li how diligently, is unable to rise into airborne.</p>

<p>Yun Ming lowers the head, he does not have to watch the collision in Sky again, because he has made contribution, he has all released all that own can release.</p>

<p>But at this moment, in his look does not abandon. He does not give up Shrek Academy, does not give up own Lover.</p>

<p>He can only see Ya Li shape of the mouth unceasingly Transformation, actually could not hear her to say anything, he saw her tears crossflow, saw look that her as if must collapse.</p>

<p>He said in a soft voice: „For Shrek, goes on living.”</p>

<p>Spoke these words, he stretches out the arms suddenly, right hand ray of light one gloomy, Sky Raising Spear drops from the clouds, falls into the Ya Li hand. Under that final superhuman strength in addition holds, this handle Sky Raising Spear escaped the strength finally the Martial Soul range, genuine condense became the entity.</p>

<p>Stretching out the arms Yun Ming, body [gold/metal] ascends Peak, just like round genuine Sun. The next quarter, he flew to shoot to go toward distant place that huge Skeleton.</p>

<p>Sky Raising's Light, Final Brilliant Era.</p>

<p>On Skeleton nine Evil Soul Master have a big shock, that huge Skeleton All-Out accelerates. This time Yun Ming, no longer is Limit Douluo, but is Fallen Gods. The prestige of it Fallen, is not they are willing to collide finally.</p>

<p>But, Gods speed, can it be that they can run away.</p>

<p>In radiant golden light (Jin Guang), that huge Skeleton by Devour, entire Sky was turned accordingly into an incandescent color in an instant! The dark night as if had been scattered by that flash, two Kill the Gods Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell mighty energy , was only attracted finally to absorb by that final god.</p>

<p>Under all white light cover the Life body only to crawl in the place, was oppressed by that terrifying energy. white light is not loose for a very long time, like the Yun Ming unwilling thought.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin lies on the ground, he supports to crawl, how regardless of actually unable to achieve. He hears each character that Yun Ming finally said clearly, in the mind actually as before is a blank.</p>

<p>This all comes suddenly and too to be too sudden. So formidable Shrek Academy, unexpectedly one night, complete disintegration.</p>

<p>In this vast just like the war between Gods, they so small and weak, they can face, only then this logic of war. Under the collision of that terrifying, they are similar to the ants, anything did not do. If no protection of Sea God Pavilion, they already changed into the dust.</p>

<p>Has not known long time, all gradually stopped. Outside ray of light is gloomy gradually, all as if vanished. As before is a silence. When Tang Wulin gains ground once more, what sees is front Sea God Pavilion, the disintegration, changes into the dust slowly, being quietly to four disperses.</p>

<p>Also at this moment, golden light (Jin Guang) flies suddenly from the Sea God Pavilion deep place, drills into the Tang Wulin forehead quietly, is hidden does not see.</p>

<p>Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li, crawls in the ground in distant place, remains unconscious. Takes a broad view to look, a surroundings deathly stillness.</p>

<p>----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>