<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="808">#808: Boarding</h2>
<p>But the modern fighter with the High-speed development, toward the direction progress of less personnel, along with the Soul Guidance intelligence development, it is said the next generation fighter aircraft was only needing two people able to complete now four people's complete controls.</p>

<p>Rouff has inspected the own flying clothing, as the average person, must withstand assault of fighter aircraft High-speed flying to body, he needs the comprehensive protection of flying clothing and helmet, cannot have any careless mistake. He is always a rigorous person, this is also he can become the trump card pilot important reason.</p>

<p>„Aircraft commander!” Three put on the same aircraft crew to walk from outside with him, was his another three companions. On Rouff face reveals a smile, greets to them.</p>

<p>Suddenly, he is wielding hand stiff in midair, because his surprised seeing, the form drops from the clouds together, is almost only the personal appearance dodges, his three companions already slowly falls to the ground softly.</p>

<p>„Enemy raids!” Rouff comes on reaction instantaneously, but just opened mouth in him, wants great shout. Suddenly, at present one black, fell down slowly softly.</p>

<p>„Reconnaissance!” Low and deep sounds/voices resounds. Several forms stick out suddenly from surroundings, is inspecting surroundings rapidly, they hide in the darkness corner, does not make own expose.</p>

<p>Because must carry out flying task immediately, large door of warehouse was opening, can see inside from outside.</p>

<p>The bodies of four aircraft crew were towed to entrain to the corner in rapidly.</p>

<p>The distant place, several people separately toward sending out sounds/voices that person compared the thumb.</p>

<p>„Boarding, Xie Xie!” Tang Wulin wielded to Xie Xie started.</p>

<p>Xie Xie traces on Rouff, attains one to have Control of round button, simultaneously takes off his helmet, wore on own.</p>

<p>Toward the Sky Flyer 17 button of fighter aircraft according to beginning, immediately, the aircraft top access panel opens slowly.</p>

<p>Yes, has attacked this aircraft crew, is Shrek Seven Monsters. Their of course not under killer, but knocked down the Rouff four people.</p>

<p>At this time, on Shrek Seven Monsters each face is revealing the tense and excited look. This is ‚borrowing’ aircraft! Moreover, they have not taken the fighter aircraft. This does not make is playing.</p>

<p>Starting from this moment, they have handled the illegal matter. of course, so long as can clash, believes that behind had Academy to solve for them, after all, this was the order of Academy, in their hearts did not have what restless place.</p>

<p>Xie Xie first leapt up aircraft, sat in the main driving position. Ye Xinglan also fled, sits in his nearby copilot position. This each position beforehand reaches an agreement. Tang Wulin jumped up aircraft Wings, Blue Silver Emperor flings, Bind lives in the body of Xu Lizhi, to previous, by his strength, has flung the body of Xu Lizhi directly, exactly right falling in engine room, Xu Xiaoyan also almost in same time had been delivered the engine room by Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Xie Xie both hands are controlling front aircraft control stage rapidly, „Boss, needs the fingerprint and pupil recognition.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin waves the arms about, Blue Silver Emperor departs, lives in Rouff Bind below corner, the wrist shakes, Blue Silver Emperor has flung Rouff, looks like the flying trapeze is simply ordinary.</p>

<p>Also is Blue Silver Grass springs, lives in his body in airborne Bind, crosswise, the next quarter, he falls during Tang Wulin grasps. Tang Wulin is raising Rouff, vertical leapt the slender nose position, has given Xie Xie Rouff.</p>

<p>Xie Xie is taking Rouff's finger, is pulling then his head, carries on the fingerprint and pupil recognition appraisal.</p>

<p>„Drop, drop and drop!” Resounds with three sonic-electronics consonants, the measuring appliance light in aircraft cockpit shines in abundance, various types of indicating lamps start to demonstrate the current aircraft condition.</p>

<p>Xie Xie cheers one, „became.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin wrist flings, straight that Blue Silver Emperor stretches, returned to the ground Rouff.</p>

<p>„Quickly debugs and starts. According to sets sail officially time, we have one minute of opportunity. After one minute, should confirms time.” After these days observation, all already during their controls. Entire plan also as precise as second.</p>

<p>Xie Xie both hands fast moves buttons, simultaneously compares one not to have the hand signal of issue to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin body, falls on the engine room, in the tail wing front position, „Zhengyu and Yuan En, takes place.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui at this time on both sides wings. aircraft can only accommodate four people, is impossible to push more, can only come flying with special way (of life).</p>

<p>Blue Silver Emperor proliferate from Tang Wulin, has extended the both sides wings following the fuselage, in the meantime, the machine access panel falls slowly, in four people will cover fall.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu crawl respectively on the both sides wing, then to Blue Silver Grass own and wing Bind in the same place, Tang Wulin own is also so, just his position in the machine access panel rear point place, it can be said that assumes the center, somewhat rides the feeling of aircraft greatly.</p>

<p>Blue Silver Grass three people of body fixing firmly on aircraft, Tang Wulin lifted the hand to rap on aircraft gently three.</p>

<p>The machine access panel closure, sounds/voices cannot pass on, only then determined through the engine room rap as well as the hand signal. Sits specifically is responsible for observing the order of Tang Wulin in engine room back row Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Xie Xie laughs, „waiters, we must prepare to take off! The first flight-test and first flight-test, I am quite excited.”</p>

<p>„You, your family Yuan En may carefully also on the wing!” The reminder that Ye Xinglan lets somebody cool off or calm down he said.</p>

<p>„Relax, knew.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin, Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui three people clearly have outside tasteful, the Tang Wulin body intensity is best, moreover is Captain, the dangerous place must he assume personal command personally. Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu itself has Wings, can flying, the critical moment, be separated with aircraft in the upper air, their survival ability also sufficiently make them live.</p>

<p>Therefore they naturally outside engine room was best to choose.</p>

<p>Xie Xie mold type Control aircraft, „ignition!” His own gave a loud shout, has pressed a red button.</p>

<p>Immediately, Sky Flyer 17 fierce shakes, ear-piercing buzz the whining noise also along with it resounding, the rear turbine wheel injection orifice starts High-speed to revolve, the interior has the intense air current to spout slowly, promoting aircraft to slide slowly forward.</p>

<p>„Day nine, the day nine, why the advanced ignition, please reply.” In this time, in the Xie Xie earphone is hearing the rapid inquiry sound.</p>

<p>He has pulled down sounds/voices immediately desirably, replied: „appear(ance) some small applauses, the servicemen have made me try the firing test.”</p>

<p>„Why the appear(ance) breakdown does not notify first, your flow appear(ance) mistake.” In the earphone transmits serious sounds/voices.</p>

<p>„Sorry, is my flow is wrong.” Xie Xie said.</p>

<p>„Now orders you to extinguish engine immediately, waits to process.”</p>

<p>„Yes!” On the Xie Xie mouth is complying, but Sky Flyer 17 left the engine off warehouse under his Control slowly.</p>

<p>Driving of Xie Xie without a doubt is not familiar, but the aircraft itself weight is enormous, Xie Xie continuously observed Rouff to operate these many days, the control of most foundation will not be wrong. After sliding the warehouse, he needs Control aircraft forward about 300 meters, then turns right, can on the aircraft runway carry on to take off.</p>

<p>„Day nine, days nine, are you doing, why left the engine room.” Angry sounds/voices transmits from the earphone once again.</p>

<p>Xie Xie raised sounds/voices suddenly, panic-stricken saying: „The Control System series malfunctions, the Control System series to malfunction, request assistance and request assistance.” Lifelike of his sounds/voices study, making Ye Xinglan somewhat look askance, because sounded at this time, this completely was not Xie Xie usual sounds/voices.</p>

<p>---------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>