<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="826">#826: Rigid of Xu Lizhi</h2>
<p>„” Le Zhengyu called out pitifully. on one knee knees down, this does not know that was his many time cannot withstand Ruin aura assault.</p>

<p>Sacred Power that he has the greatly strengthened repel to Ruin aura naturally, therefore, when withstands Ruin aura assault, his pain is also fiercest.</p>

<p>Stands, I must stand. Xiaoyan, cannot let Xiaoyan lose chastity.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu clenches the teeth, support bit by bit the body of own is standing up, his big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath. Although the pain of body makes him call out pitifully to make noise once again, is, his look actually as before firm. Made one shock firmly.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Tang Wulin falls in the place, absorb slowly Ruin aura in air, has not been knowing many days, in the extremely painful process, could not attend to the sunrise sunset. He in advance diligently.</p>

<p>Devil Island rich Life aura is to the body best supplement, here does not need to eat meal, so long as absorb that rich Life strength, can live every day.</p>

<p>ray of light on Ruin Fragment(s) is partly visible, has rich Ruin aura to reappear in Tang Wulin body surroundings unceasingly. After these days thorough, he discovered gradually that in own all ability, as if contaminated on Ruin aura. All Soul Skill also as if had the formidable destructive power.</p>

<p>In his Golden Dragon King bloodline, as if also contaminated on some purple-black. Regarding this, Golden Dragon King bloodline not only has not repelled, instead in influencing subtly absorb.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin already had ability assault ninth Golden Dragon King Seal, but he this. Because Old Tang had already reminded him, following nine Seal are most painful. Once he has broken through ninth Seal, quick must face following nine. When the time comes can be any situation his own does not know.</p>

<p>But, in absorb in the processes of strength of these Ruin, Tang Wulin can feel every day obviously own ninth Seal started the appear(ance) to shatter fissure, that fissure unceasing spreads, he more and more Control did not live in Seal strength. Therefore, he has to make the own progress slow down. Letting own can a better adjustment, stable Seal.</p>

<p>He most fears is, Seal of own in the absorb Ruin aura process breaks through, he does not know in completely such situation what happened.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>absorb, absorb and absorb!</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi, one step is going forward to the Ruin Fragment(s) direction. His step is extremely firm, like his look.</p>

<p>The body gradually becomes illusory, reorganizes just like molecular general to shatter again. In that terrifying pain, he has not roared to make noise extremely unexpectedly.</p>

<p>He will not fight, he will only make Steamed Stuffed Bun.</p>

<p>He will only shout that Steamed Stuffed Bun has the meat not on the pleat.</p>

<p>Whenever facing powerful enemy time, always companion keep off before the own body. Always the Sister Xinglan horizontal sword is protecting him. Whenever looks that starlight sword tip(s) blooms radiantly, he so is always satisfied.</p>

<p>But, Nightmare Old Devil was reminding him time and time again, he was a waste.</p>

<p>Yes! Isn't he a waste? As a man, must hide behind the own beloved woman. Looks that the beloved woman faces powerful enemy time and time again, but own only will actually make Steamed Stuffed Bun behind her. This is a sad matter.</p>

<p>He thinks that own can keep off in front of Ye Xinglan, keeps out wind and rain for her, resists that formidable enemy for her.</p>

<p>But, he cannot achieve, he was always not since good.</p>

<p>He is very small and weak, his actual combat ability is very bad. Only then in the close-range situation, can fight by some Tang Sect secret arts.</p>

<p>He does not hope such, does not hope.</p>

<p>When his absorb some Ruin aura, broke in sea, with bringing Ruin aura Soul Power is patting broken Sea Soul Beast time, Xu Lizhi only thought that own had finally found the opportunity. That Ruin aura looks like a weapon, although when absorb it is that painful, the destructive power that but it has made him have stronger fighting strength finally.</p>

<p>He has been pursuing such fighting strength!</p>

<p>I want to become strong, I must protect my Sister Xinglan. I am not willing to become the disabled person in companion eye. I must be a useful person.</p>

<p>Whatever pain, cannot make my footsteps stop!</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi step by step, firm powerful forwarding. Strong Ruin aura time and time again assault his body. Made his plump and fair-complected body almost turn into purple-black.</p>

<p>For better absorb Ruin aura, he has not even resisted with Soul Power, but lets loose the body of own, even goes to initiative absorb the strength of these Ruin.</p>

<p>This without doubt enormous degree intensifies the to shatter degree of his body. But Xu Lizhi does not care, what he cares is own whether becomes in this process formidable. Whether better protector own Lover after promotion.</p>

<p>Finally, he is unable to forward again, body to shatter and reorganization speed arrived at Peak. As if next quarter own Soul to shatter, the Life brand mark will not stay behind completely.</p>

<p>At this time, Xu Lizhi stopped footsteps, in the mouth read the soul incantation.</p>

<p>Incantations resound in his mouth, Soul Ring increase from the under foot.</p>

<p>„Steamed Stuffed Bun has the meat not on pleat, I have Crystal Bun!”</p>

<p>Glittering and translucent carving Crystal Bun appear(ance) in his hands, his without hesitation squeezes in the own mouth it.</p>

<p>Crystalline lens reappear just like armor piece generally, gable his body. However, actually as before can see, in that matter crystal, his obese body is duplicating to shatter and reorganization as before.</p>

<p>Next flickers, strength of hit a Ruin comes, Xu Lizhi took advantage of somebody's authority instead runs, ran out of the Ruin aura range. Then he sits cross-legged to sit on the ground immediately, close eyes meditation.</p>

<p>He eats up Crystal Bun, to not draw support from Crystal Bun the strength of firm comes defense, but to draw support from Isolation Power of that crystal armor, will inhale absorb of Ruin aura completely Imprison in within the body in the own body.</p>

<p>Because, before him, in cultivate process, so long as left the Ruin aura category, Ruin aura fast will also diverge, can only have very small part to remain, invades his body.</p>

<p>However, after using Crystal Bun is different, overwhelming majority Ruin aura will be remained.</p>

<p>of course, this takes to Xu Lizhi, wants the intense non- several fold compared with others the pain, continuous pain. But, his willpower strength is firmer than all people. Because, he needs this strength, ability that needs the strength of this Ruin to bring.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Has not thought!” Nightmare Old Devil frown said.</p>

<p>„Has not thought!” Disillusioned Old Devil is also surprised of face.</p>

<p>„Other did not say, these kids the firmness of willpower, but also really has surpassed our judgment. Especially that Little Fatty. His Food System Soul Master, willpower can actually strengthen to this degree, is really somewhat unthinkable. I could not have thought that three months he must collapse. It looks like, I underestimated him. Moreover, he unexpectedly is in all people most thorough one, is really surprising!”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil smiles, „isn't this? Appearance that looks at their pain, is really joyful.”</p>

<p>„Has this good deed, why does not awaken me!” Low and deep sounds/voices suddenly resounds.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil and Disillusioned Old Devil also turn head, what sees is a big incomparable form.</p>

<p>„Devour!” Their calling out with one voice.</p>

<p>That is also an old man, but his hair is actually not white, but is yellow, seems just likes the subtilis is ordinary, in top of the head bare.</p>

<p>Some big body rickets, look is old and ugly, what is more fearful, his mouth is specially big, when he starts talking, after his big mouth even can split to the root of the ear.</p>

<p>„You monopolize unexpectedly this pleasure, simply is not the human!” Devour Old Devil face upwards to heave a deep sigh, „I, no matter, then, they are my. I must make them feel well, Devour pleasure!”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil and Disillusioned Old Devil frowned, „was good, gives you to play. However, must wait for them to swim was good in the past.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„!” A Tang Wulin hand strikes in sea water, under the light sea water, in the sand beach has left behind a deep grasping mark.</p>

<p>He almost with moving, rubs the ground from sea own. Lies there, he moved really does not want to move.</p>

<p>purple-black aura winds around, both eyes shut tightly, complexion piece of pale white.</p>

<p>Came, finally came. After does not know absorb many Ruin aura, he can make these Sea Soul Beast no longer start to him by Ruin aura finally, finally swam.</p>

<p>However, in this process, he has met specially formidable Sea Soul Beast, received attack. Even he already by that only Sea Soul Beast Devour to belly. Because his Ruin aura makes the opposite party loathe, has spat. Was spurted.</p>

  </body>
</html>