<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="796">#796: Powerful enemies</h2>
<p>The front several compartments did not have the opportunity of treatment, was killed by Evil Soul Master. But they have routed Evil Soul Master luckily, in behind more compartments, although the casualty rate is very as before big, but also over one-third people live, the severely injured are many, some injury light people after are living in the mood stably, starts to help noble spirit of saving the sick and wounded. All in develop finally toward a good direction.</p>

<p>One seems the middle-aged person of doctor runs up to side Tang Wulin, „hello, Thank You (xiexie) you have saved everybody. Has the news, when will have the rescue groups to rush, many stretcher patients cannot delay, stretcher patient who particularly internal organ(s) damages, delaying a while, the probability of rescue will be always lower.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin frown said: „I have not had communications device, has no way to contact nearby city, where I do not even know now us.”</p>

<p>Middle-aged person slightly somewhat disappointed [say / way]: „That did not have the means that can only wait. But all Soul Guidance Train have the Localization system, will have an accident is certainly known by first time. This place happen to two cities, the rescue troops should need certain time to catch up. Now can only be completely the human affairs, listens to the destiny. I saved others first. Makes some simple treatment in one's power. If you discover to have the first-aid packet on vehicle and so on, helping me bring, will have very big help.”</p>

<p>„Good, was laborious you.” Tang Wulin nodded.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan squats on the ground, a careful gang wounded dresses the wound on good arm, supple sound track: „All right, you are all right, but the arm bone broke, I helped you do fixedly, do not move, such peaceful was lying down, a while rescue groups arrived, sent you to the hospital.”</p>

<p>What was treated and cured by her is an old man, although old man because of ache, but some complexion pale white, but actually appears very tranquil, „Thank You (xiexie) your young miss, you simply like Angel. Thank You (xiexie) you have defeated these cruel scoundrels. Can tell me you to come from where?”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan shows a faint smile, „we are the Shrek Academy students.”</p>

<p>The old men have gawked staring, „Shrek Academy? No wonder.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan comforts him saying: „Has been all right, you are lying down here, I help other people.” At the same time was saying, she smiles to old man, stands up to run to another wounded.</p>

<p>Sees her form, old man brow slightly pressed, sighed one lightly, „was really a good miss. Shrek, worthily is Continent first Academy. Besides the strength, made one feel moral behavior that was hard to hope to attain.”</p>

<p>In this time, suddenly, old man pupil fierce enlargement, sad and shrill yelled: „Miss, be careful!”</p>

<p>The purple-black shadow, together when does not know, being quietly to Xu Xiaoyan behind. Like lightning punctures to her back of the body place.</p>

<p>This gets down was really too sudden, suddenly arrived at all people unable reaction to come.</p>

<p>But of old man drinks severely, obviously played the role.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan combat experience is rich, is hearing the sounds/voices flash of old man, the whole person forward falls down. Moreover, her Battle Armor has been dressing, has not taken back. Is feared that also has the possibility appear(ance) enemy anytime.</p>

<p>purple-black ray of light almost pasted her back to pass over gently and swiftly, Xu Xiaoyan stuffy snort, the whole person is flown, hit directly in a not far away Train compartment that ray of light led rebounds to return again.</p>

<p>On dark blue Battle Armor point starlight blooms, as far as possible melts that is striking. But attack of enemy was too strong, the position of her Battle Armor back was ripped open a big opening, but luckily was Battle Armor has also blocked overwhelming majority assault, Xu Xiaoyan thought that body one cold, hurried to stimulate to movement Soul Power, simultaneously heart with amazement.</p>

<p>Here suddenly appear(ance) Transformation, other Shrek Seven Monsters people immediately on reaction.</p>

<p>„Xiaoyan!” Le Zhengyu roared, back pair of wings All-Out flapped, the Second Soul Ring sparkle, Holy Sword released, almost moved sideways to keep off in front of Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>purple-black ray of light freeze, the form also reappears together from darkness along with it.</p>

<p>That is a complexion extremely pale white middle-aged person, his eyes is dark-purple, looks at Le Zhengyu, [say / way] that lets somebody cool off or calm down: Person who „was you have killed my? You must die!”</p>

<p>This person does not have Battle Armor, but actually gives people extremely gloomy aura.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu no matter front is, when he looks helplessly Xu Xiaoyan by this person instant, his flickers only thought that the heart of own strikes to fly must jump from the chest cavity.</p>

<p>eyes golden light (Jin Guang) jumps shoots, back pair of wings launches, Fourth Soul Ring lightens instantaneously, whole person aura selects for promotion by the geometrical multiple, Angel Descends!</p>

<p>Void one step steps forward, Holy Sword cuts like lightning to that middle-aged person.</p>

<p>purple-black halo ripples from the middle-aged person, entire Eight Soul Rings, does not have the omen reappears from him.</p>

<p>Three purple five black! Eight Soul Rings is complementing his body. Facing Le Zhengyu Holy Sword, he does not dodge unexpectedly does not evade. Whatever Holy Sword cuts.</p>

<p>When Holy Sword brings blazing Holy Light flame to cut into that purple-black halo instant, Le Zhengyu only thought that own sword light as if cut into muddy Marsh, is unable to penetrate the half minute again. Those who make him shock, Holy Sword cuts into purple-black ray of light that part to be polluted by that purple-black unexpectedly instantaneously, Holy Light by Devour, was being melted rapidly.</p>

<p>This is...</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu is surprised.</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that the middle-aged people let somebody cool off or calm down: „Most repugnant Sacred aura.” At the same time was saying, he waves to Le Zhengyu, purple-black ray of light flings together, directly soars his draw off.</p>

<p>At this time, Shrek Seven Monsters experience has appeared. Facing attack of middle-aged person, Le Zhengyu not startled, treadons the Ghost Shadow Perplexing Track step, retreat, the body just like illusory Light and Shadow, in the hand Holy Sword lets loose like lightning instantaneously, not having the least bit not to abandon. Meanwhile Sacred Light puts greatly, Holy Light shines on own together directly.</p>

<p>Fast reaction made him avoid that purple-black ray of light frontage, but was brought a point, Holy Light and protection light of Battle Armor release covered has blocked that purple-black ray of light reluctantly, but Le Zhengyu felt that purple-black was spreading to the body of own. Can pollute including Soul Power?</p>

<p>Along with it transmitting, his body was led revolving to fly vigorously horizontally.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, big hand appear(ance) behind him, baseless, pulled down him. Meanwhile, a pair of Giant Hammer(s) behind flies high to fall from that middle-aged person. Directly soars his overhead to pound.</p>

<p>The middle-aged person corners of the mouth place reveals one to disdain, suddenly, both hands hold the day, in the eye the purple light jumps shoots, Third Soul Ring sparkle.</p>

<p>One group of intense purple light erupt suddenly. From inside to outside, looks like bomb that explodes, radiates to all around.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin just lagged behind Le Zhengyu, immediately shouted one not to be good darkly.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui dual hammers pounds to fall, receives that purple light assault, was flown by the instantaneous ball by her strength unexpectedly. Personal appearance of Xie Xie concealment also has to instantaneous High-speed retreat.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan sword tip(s) flashes through together, similarly was shot to fly, what is more fearful, so long as is that purple light contacts, will be contaminated by purple rapidly, even if their All-Out stimulates to movement Soul Power, is unable to throw away that purple.</p>

<p>That purple ray of light has filled ice-cold with Evil aura, but also has the terrifying corrosiveness. Yuan En Yehui that is so huge to Giant Hammer(s), pounds the part on purple light to start to melt unexpectedly. Stimulates to movement the Soul Power resistance, can only be makes the ablation speed reduce.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu turns round, rushed to side Xu Xiaoyan, hugs her, flaps pair of wings, flies away like lightning.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not drawn back, at this time, as team Nucleus, as the Shrek Seven Monsters Soul character, he must strive for time to companion, let alone, in ground also some that many wounded.</p>

<p>A spirited dragon roar sound resounds from him, Tang Wulin grasps Golden Dragon Spear, whole body Battle Armor golden light (Jin Guang) blooms. Directly soars the purple light cover that expands to puncture.</p>

<p>Before appear(ance) brown-yellow halo bloomed from his chest place once more, making the earth sink, in the meantime, Blue Silver Emperor swarmed, Bind was occupied by that famous wounded in abundance, flung to fly in a direction them.</p>

<p>At this time could not attend to many, maintained life is most important.</p>

<p>The distant place, Xu Lizhi both hands, with Tang Sect secret arts Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon, catches the wounded who Tang Wulin flings.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Spear pricks the purple light, Tang Wulin first also felt that has been similar to the Marsh common mud feeling. That purple light without a single exception follows Golden Dragon Spear to spread, wants to pollute the corrosion it.</p>

<p>At this moment, Golden Dragon Spear pricks the purple light to cover the part to reappear suddenly diamond-shaped golden-colored dragon scales light pattern, golden light (Jin Guang) puts greatly, in the dragon roar sound, works loose that purple light outrageously. Golden-colored Dragon Head reappears in the lance point place, is Golden Dragon Shocks the Heavens , directly soars that middle-aged person, when the chest hits.</p>

<p>Moreover, Tang Wulin drinks greatly, Golden Dragon Roars!</p>

<p>-------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>