<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="891">#891: Harvest of Dragon Burying</h2>
<p>All became illusory, Tang Wulin wanted to hold, is unable to succeed.</p>

<p>„” In screams, Tang Wulin sat fiercely, frightened nearby Gu Yue to jump.</p>

<p>„Daddy and Daddy!” Gu Yue hurries to grab his hand.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat fierce is panting for breath, is rapid to look to surroundings.</p>

<p>In forest, but that Infernal Demon Dragon King actually vanished to disappear.</p>

<p>takes a deep breath is mad several times, returned to normal own this time mood, Tang Wulin has calmed down gradually, he was intelligent, immediately realized that own and Gu Yue are also living now, should be related with seven-colored ray of light that formerly on chain bracelet released.</p>

<p>That Infernal Demon Dragon King should on seven-colored ray of light by own this chain bracelet run away in fear.</p>

<p>chain bracelet!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious lowering the head looks that just sees in the own wrist, that chain bracelet quiet lying down there, above seven-colored gem ray of light is as before partly visible, as if any Transformation has not resembled.</p>

<p>Why does not know, at this time Tang Wulin and between it, as if take shape a marvelous relation. His own does not talk clearly is anything, but with was different.</p>

<p>„Thank You (xiexie) and Thank You (xiexie) you have saved me and Gu Yue.” Tang Wulin heartfelt saying. He understands that this is Dragon Clan Graveyard, these dragon bone(s) give his back coupling.</p>

<p>Thousand day Dragon Burying, he has never thought must obtain anything, but Dragon Clan has actually given him the so precious gift. Although he has not known now that the outcome of this gem Crystallized Body representative is anything.</p>

<p>Without pressure that Ferocious Beast has created, the following road should be good to walk. Has a look at face kind Gu Yue, Tang Wulin to get hold of her hand, „I am all right, relax. We walk.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue nods, „scared to death me, just came several people. They said bewilderedly any words, I cannot understand. Afterward they walked.”</p>

<p>Several people? Then was one's turn Tang Wulin to receive to frighten. What concept here are appear(ance) several people? Several Ferocious Beast?</p>

<p>These Ferocious Beast are always impossible is Dragon Clan, but perhaps besides Dragon Clan, own that chain bracelet does not have any awesome effect. Finally they can actually is well, this be also considered as are the miracles.</p>

<p>„We walk quickly, must leave this piece of forest as soon as possible, here was too dangerous.” At the same time was saying, Tang Wulin carries simply Gu Yue, then in the direction that own recognizes, jumps, full speed vanguard.</p>

<p>Takes his cultivation as, in addition the direction of Blue Silver Emperor, full speed marches forward speed to be extremely quick. In forest various complex terrains and Plant, does not have anything to affect to him.</p>

<p>Those who made Tang Wulin somewhat surprised was, this line, unexpectedly again has not met any Soul Beast, two days, did not have any Soul Beast appear(ance) to attack them one after another. As if this is only piece of ordinary forest that's all.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin own somewhat is absent-minded, is this really the Star Dou Forest Nucleus circle? Whenever when he has a look at Emerald Demon Bird on Gu Yue shoulder, completely affirmed that this is not having a dream. Their real in this Star Dou Forest.</p>

<p>, Suddenly, the Tang Wulin heart lives warning sign(s) by far, put completely the footsteps. Because, in his field of vision of that Plant auxiliary reconnaissance, the front, forest arrived at the end finally.</p>

<p>But in the forest end, Tang Wulin saw the picture that made him shock extremely.</p>

<p>The dike, that is the dike, the metal(s) dike.</p>

<p>Beside this Star Dou Forest, actually has a metal(s) dike, the altitude over 300 meters of this metal(s) dike, must be higher than compared with the surroundings highest trees. Moreover, at this time to airborne looks following that metal(s) dike that Tang Wulin discovered that originally above this piece of big forest outside a kilometer upper air, actually has nearly transparent light cover.</p>

<p>Sees these, Tang Wulin first thinks is Prison Cage Two Word.</p>

<p>This Star Dou Forest Nucleus circle, once was surviving the most formidable Soul Beast place, turned into huge Prison Cage unexpectedly?</p>

<p>Nobody genuine knows here situation, because here already belonged to the Spirit Transferring Pagoda forbidden area.</p>

<p>An inexplicable sorrowful feeling gushes out instantaneously from the bottom of the heart. The Soul Beast final pure land, changed into a shackles that Spirit Transferring Pagoda has established unexpectedly.</p>

<p>He has actually studied the history, historically records, in the past, Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao established the Spirit Transferring Pagoda organization time, the goal was for Humanity and Soul Beast can the peaceful coexistence!</p>

<p>But presents in the present fact actually far from so. Soul Guidance Technology development of Humanity was really too quick. Relied on Battle Armor, Humanity Elite has definitely been able to suppress Soul Beast Elite. Humanity own, withstands the terrifying lethality that the high tech has brought.</p>

<p>Soul Master, once was Continent first profession, noblest profession, most formidable existence.</p>

<p>In the ancient times time's war, which side had strongest Soul Master, almost achieved 50% success.</p>

<p>May with the development of Soul Guidance Technology, Soul Master individual strength start becomes more and more tiny. Before looking like soon, total destruction that Shrek Academy is hit by.</p>

<p>Has that many Titled Douluo and Super Rank Douluo Shrek Academy, before placing Ten-thousand Years, at all some impossible people able its Ruin. But now, in two entire Humanity world most terrifying 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, without discovery, has brought a devastating catastrophe in advance.</p>

<p>Even if by Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming, cultivation of one generation of Limit Douluo is, in addition Four Word Battle Armor, in addition Golden Tree strength, cannot block that devastating attack completely.</p>

<p>Humanity, becomes so fearful, can Soul Beast not move toward to exterminate?</p>

<p>Stops the footsteps, Tang Wulin was somewhat vacant, he somewhat is suddenly uninformed at sea, own so assiduous diligently cultivate, finally is the goal for what?</p>

<p>For Ruin? of course is not. He does not think Ruin anything.</p>

<p>Small time, cultivate, he hopes diligently own can change life in Shanjia, can become Mecha Master in dream.</p>

<p>Parents is missing, he tries hard cultivate, for some day, can retrieve the own family member.</p>

<p>But now, at this moment, his effort for what? Is relying on several companion that he and his is a rear survival. Can they rally Shrek really? Even if the energy, then, in the situation of nowadays so science and technology, Shrek can by once more Ruin?</p>

<p>time, Tang Wulin only thought that in heart has mixed emotions, is unable to restrain oneself.</p>

<p>„Daddy, you how?” Gu Yue has poked head, looks to standing there motionless Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Wipes in the forced smile sound, Tang Wulin shakes the head, „not anything, but suddenly thinks somewhat at a loss. Thinks the road ahead to be boundless, how does not know should.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue blinked, „is not clear. Daddy in that where Gu Yue is.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin whole body shakes, so simple a few words, made in his heart surge nondescriptive lofty sentiments.</p>

<p>Yes! How finally, so is really important? The matter that at least, making own wants to handle, shoulders the responsibility that own should shoulder. Walks, even if own cannot arrive at most distant place finally as before, there are why not. At least, side own, she, they.</p>

<p>Gu Yue that Tang Wulin will carry on the back puts down, then has turned round, hugs into her the own bosom, closely is hugging.</p>

<p>The Gu Yue tender body is full of the elasticity soft, hugs in the bosom, enrichment particularly.</p>

<p>Light fragrance lingers in the tip of the nose, all exhausted, paces back and forth, pain and sad, warm burns in this in this moment. Burns flaming fighting intent.</p>

<p>Gu Yue clever bending down in the Tang Wulin bosom, is hugging his waist, on pretty face has, performs satisfies. Said in a soft voice: „Daddy......”</p>

<p>„Do not call me Daddy. Called me Wulin.”</p>

<p>„Wulin......”</p>

<p>The night falls, in nighttime sky, Star Dou glittering. Only then from some specific angles, can see, between forest and Star Dou, has such light light membrane impediment.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and Gu Yue sit in the forest deep place, among the slit through tree's shadows looks up to Sky, Tang Wulin has not thought must from airborne clash.</p>

<p>Cannot achieve including these Ferocious Beast, why can he achieve?</p>

<p>Then, actually how can leave here?</p>

<p>Cannot assault, only be able to take by strategy.</p>

<p>Has not moved eagerly, without a doubt, that „dike” the defense strength certainly is very terrifying. It is not he small Five Rings Soul King can break through definitely.</p>

<p>But he believes that own definitely has the means to leave.</p>

<p>This several days, he calms the mind, is recalling Shrek City Ruin. In the heart also gradually had some clue.</p>

<p>Cannot indicate that the status leaves here, because, he does not trust the Spirit Transferring Pagoda person.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters and Shrek City are near at hand, but that two Kill the Gods have not actually fallen Spirit Transferring Pagoda, but has chosen Shrek and Tang Sect.</p>

<p>Shrek Academy Prestige and strength, as were been obvious by the strike target, then, between Tang Sect and Spirit Transferring Pagoda, is Spirit Transferring Pagoda must, at least on Douluo Continent be without a doubt so. Why these Evil Soul Master have not chosen Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters, but has chosen Tang Sect?</p>

  </body>
</html>