<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="805">#805: Trap</h2>
<p>On Tang Wulin seven faces as if by prior agreement revealed the smiling face, had the car(riage) to meet, has the gate. It seems like what they judge is correct, person who in the northern regiment base, has certainly Shrek Academy. Moreover, Shrek Academy has the pivotal status on Continent. Where the Inner Court student to is popular.</p>

<p>time is not long, was a military vehicle opened, on this vehicle has not gone on patrol the soldier, the Tang Wulin seven people boarded, the beforehand that car(riage) in front, joined their car(riage)s, went toward the northern regiment base travel.</p>

<p>„Waits a minute to act according to circumstances, our most important goals must remain. Then strives to relate puissant Senior in regiment, so long as can complete with peace way (of life), we did not need ‚borrowing’.” Tang Wulin said in a low voice.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan nodded, „first we cannot be separated, was not separated will not have the issue.”</p>

<p>„Um.” Tang Wulin has selected under.</p>

<p>The base of northern regiment was really too big, looked from outside, but felt its broad scale, but entered, in a big way can actually realize it.</p>

<p>Even if drives, opened for nearly 20 minutes, stops. Stops before seems and common, but actually very big construction.</p>

<p>Arrives at the construction front, the soldier stands in the hand signal that the entrance makes invitation.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and companion as before are maintaining the lineup, walked.</p>

<p>Passing through the gate, Tang Wulin slightly frown, because this seems a little likely is a warehouse place, inside is various types of metal(s) equipment, almost they did not know.</p>

<p>Led the military officer of second lieutenant military rank to welcome, „were you Shrek Academy people? Has the identification?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurried to take badge that own made, has handed over.</p>

<p>The military officers looked, many confirmations have not given back to them, „comes with me.” Saying, him was walking toward inside.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and companion could be said as the boldness becauses of one's skill, did not feel timid, the stride followed on the heels, curious looks at surroundings.</p>

<p>Various facilities in warehouse seem very advanced, was quick they to see some shape huge Soul Guide Cannon. The silvery-white barrel is gigantic, although does not have energy to pour into, but actually as before can feel withering aura from their there.</p>

<p>Walked about hundred meters, in a quite spacious place, another military officer waited there, the military uniform of north regiment is dark blue, the straight military uniform serves as contrast the military officer handsome face , the epaulet on shoulder is having two rings, central silver star, a Two Rings star, this was the major military rank.</p>

<p>This major seems the 30-year-old appearance, is tall, on the face is having the genial smile.</p>

<p>„The Shrek Academy God's favored ones, welcome you to arrive at the northern regiment.”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart moves, hurries to go forward several steps, „hello the officer, takes the liberty to come, put to trouble to you.”</p>

<p>The major said with a smile: „Has not related, said your purposes in coming.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin preparing the good excuse said that i.e. they hope can probably comes the northern regiment to carry on time special teach, thus completes Academy to give their to gain experience task and so on.</p>

<p>„......, After we have pondered carefully, thought that is direct, hopes that can give shelter by our north regiment.” The Tang Wulin smiling face has affinity very much, he handsome, after restraining Golden Dragon King bloodline aura, is makes people very easy to have the closeness.</p>

<p>The major nodded, said with a smile: „I understood. However, the little brother, does not know that you have thought an issue does not have. Since Shrek Academy lets your to gain experience place comes our north regiment, then, where this to gain experience difficulty is?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stares, this to gain experience is he compiled, because without guaranteeing the opposite party will help their, cannot say the real situation easily.</p>

<p>„Is your meaning?” Tang Wulin doubts looks at the major.</p>

<p>The major said with a smile: „The Shrek Academy teaching, will not always be aimless. In fact, you are not the first batch come here. Before you, almost every several years, will have your Academy person to come. Directly just, visits like you are not many. Generally is looks for the opportunity, sneak crossing goes to sea! Even wants to seep the larceny our flying tool! Such will be more. Your this types splendid come , after I come to here, in any case first time meets. Has saying that you must have the courage compared with your older generation(s), is more self-confident.”</p>

<p>The feeling of Tang Wulin was not very good, listened to the words of this major, he suddenly discovered that own has made a fatal mistake. They are not the first batch come the military training person, then, comes military training before them, is Senior that Shrek Academy Inner Court comes out, but this military training historical actually how long they do not know, can only affirm is, at least Old Cai that generation has participated. The topic is the same, then, in the northern regiment is protecting in the coastal territory situation, how Senior go to that island? Must in stipulating time enters, walks this Golden Road.</p>

<p>Walks into a trap to have?</p>

<p>The Ye Xinglan eyebrow selects slightly, Tang Wulin actually subconsciously stretches out the arms, blocks companion.</p>

<p>„Officer, are you what kind of?” Tang Wulin asked. At this time impulsed unable to solve the problem, others can such tranquil standing speak with confidence before them, moreover knows that their seven people were in the Soul King situations, impossible not to have prepared.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin in an instant, has made many judgments in heart, only the opposite party does not know should be they are Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters, this is also the secret that they can keep only.</p>

<p>The major said: „Um, is very good, can be calm in your this age is not easy. Said honestly that I have to speak the wind discouraging talk, reason that you fall to this situation, is your Academy causes completely. We already received the notice, recently seven Shrek Academy students will come, then your goals, go to sea inside Devil Island, but is very obvious, wanted from our defense lines in the past, that was impossible. We have the responsibility, protects the Federation people safety, does not permit anybody close seashore. Gives our time according to Shrek Academy, you must in arrive in Devil Island from the 15 day after Academy set off, otherwise task failure . Moreover the consequence is very serious. Therefore, we not to you how, so long as you close for ten days in the prison in base, sufficiently collects 15 days later complete, will put you to leave.”</p>

<p>On the Tang Wulin forehead pulled down three heavy lines, the Academy this also Taikeng, has informed the northern regiment including their motion time. This simply is......</p>

<p>Also can resist with others regiment depending on their such how many people?</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that the major smiles: „You can calmly face, truly is very intelligent. Otherwise, if you to my attack, that mean that you initiate attack to the Federation military, at that time, even if I ordered to kill you, conformed to the military discipline. But now, only needs to imprison your time. Good, please be without a fight.”</p>

<p>„Is without a fight, snort!” Le Zhengyu cold snort.</p>

<p>The major said: „To revolt? You can try greatly. You do not have a look at all around.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin had not looked, but he also felt that around the warehouse, the metal(s) gun tubes drill slowly, aims at them completely. Although does not know that the specific effects of these gun tubes are anything, but from the length and gun tube itself size of gun tube, can see, this is extremely the terrifying weapon.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Everybody do not move.”</p>

<p>The major said with a smile: „Comes the human, takes to them seals the soul handcuff.”</p>

<p>One team of soldiers ran from behind, in each individual hand has one approximately width one foot, the height half foot square shape metal(s) box. The half step arrives in front of the Tang Wulin seven people.</p>

<p>The major said: „If you want to revolt, now also with enough time.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sighed, dejected [say / way]: „Has not thought that can be this unexpectedly, Academy was too sinister. However, this to us, received a profound lesson, finally is trip has not been made in vain. Lost lost, but we certainly will not make next time the same mistake. According to doing that he said that no one must revolt. Fell to others hands, let our hoodlum point.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he lifts both hands on own initiative.</p>

<p>A soldier hangs the metal(s) box above Tang Wulin both hands, that metal(s) box splits rapidly, gathers to below, wraps in which the Tang Wulin both hands wrist.</p>

<p>Immediately, Tang Wulin only thought that the intense feeling lacking in vigilance transmits from the wrist place, whole body trembles, own Soul Power was prohibited immediately. It is not able to communicate the slightest.</p>

<p>Other people listened to Tang Wulin eventually, put on this type of sealing soul handcuff.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>