<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="875">#875: Fireworks sea</h2>
<p>The initial take-off that summit goes against extremely can be better greatly, the behind take-off Shrek Academy Inner Court students, in that more and more terrifying energy turbulent flow, oppressed crash in abundance return to above the ground.</p>

<p>The explosion of terrifying resounds one after another, but that take-off form, actually these Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell all in the upper air 11 detonations, has not made artillery shell fall into the city.</p>

<p>The distant place, in Inner City and Outer City, more and more forms soar. Shrek City, gathers is not knowing many Elite, not only there are to belong to Shrek Academy, meanwhile has to belong to Tang Sect.</p>

<p>Numerous forms that fly high, but to Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell detonates, time, sky over entire Shrek City, as if turned into the fireworks sea.</p>

<p>In this time, the distant place, forms are grazing to come from the level of the lake, is Xie Xie, Yuan En Yehui as well as Shrek Seven Monsters several other people.</p>

<p>Sees them, Tang Wulin then reaction comes, hurries to release own bloodline aura, guides them to own side.</p>

<p>„heavens! Actually did this have what? This......” Xie Xie already was shocking grinning with ear to ear.</p>

<p>He somewhat was formerly discontented with the summon of Tang Wulin, can have with the Yuan En intimate opportunity with great difficulty, was actually destroyed by him. May at this moment, where he also be able to say least bit question sounds/voices.</p>

<p>Other people complexion are all dignified.</p>

<p>They are very clear, aim in Shrek Academy such attack, is it may be said that unprecedented!</p>

<p>The airborne energy fluctuation starts to drop from the clouds, even if stands on Sea God Island, can feel that terrifying pressure as before. If makes these be full of the destructive assault wave to fall in the ground, perhaps, the entire city will be hit by the devastating disaster.</p>

<p>At this moment, flash raise, changes into screen to jack. At the beginning was Shrek Inner City, Shrek Academy Outer City has also shone, two screen carried the assault wave hardly, kept off them outside, although flood fierce mighty waves, but excluded finally these assault waves.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not exchanged with companion, their complexion is a dignity, regarding them, but also is not enough to participate in such battlefield. But, why did Shrek Academy actually like this become the battlefield?</p>

<p>Daytime time Tang Wulin has also thought that Shrek Academy is the safest place, may to the evening, really have the attack arrival of such terrifying.</p>

<p>Over a hundred 7th Rank above Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, this absolutely is the money of astronomical figures! Is Federation to aim in Shrek City attack? Said that came from Holy Spirit Cult?</p>

<p>Former's words are impossible, after all, in Federation does not know that has many are the high level that graduates from Shrek Academy. Let alone, Shrek Academy is neutral throughout, has not affected the Federation resolution, but protects Shrek City this pure lands.</p>

<p>But if is the latter, was extremely fearful. Evil Soul Master Sect, a terrifying organization, can actually control so numerous Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, what does this mean? If Federation nobody and they colludes, who believes?</p>

<p>Certainly cannot make Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell fall! Otherwise, Shrek City will face with the Heaven Dou City same terrifying disaster without doubt.</p>

<p>Thinks of Heaven Dou City, the heart of Tang Wulin tightens suddenly, because he remembers immediately, initially Guo Xiaoxu had said to him, Heaven Dou City terrorist attack , because a 9th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell large explosion causes.</p>

<p>To 9th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell that stage, but was not existence that urban Guard Screen can resist easily, 9th Rank above Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, even if were Super Rank Douluo does not dare the frontage to touch hardly.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, the feelings of some of his having a parched mouth, these have Evil Soul Master, actually prepared how the terrifying offensive to them? These that perhaps at present does not see.</p>

<p>Sea God Pavilion.</p>

<p>Sea God Pavilion Master and Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming stands in the Sea God Pavilion crown, Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li side him. Similarly in his side also has Light and Dark Douluo Long Yeyue.</p>

<p>Three Great Titled Douluo is looking out the upper air.</p>

<p>Yun Ming understands finally why own will have that intense feel ill-at-ease, originally must have the matter is not other places, but is Shrek City, is Shrek Academy.</p>

<p>Like Tang Wulin how, regardless of unable to think that some people dare attack Shrek City, is Sea God Pavilion Master he has not thought similarly. At this time already was the surface sank like water.</p>

<p>Ya Li has gotten hold of the hand of Yun Ming, does not know that many years have not felt like the present intense. May at this moment, in her heart actually be very anxious.</p>

<p>They know, since Holy Spirit Cult dares to attack Shrek City, that certainly has not the small assurance.</p>

<p>„Good! The time really changed.” Light and Dark Douluo Long Yeyue sneers, „looks like, my Shrek was too long has not shown the fang really outward, any any cat and dog dares to have our ideas. Yun Ming, was effect of Shrek on Federation so weak? So numerous Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell come here, what's the matter? Moreover launches from Outer City close-range, what's the matter? Our Shrek City was defense, so when frail?”</p>

<p>Facing the accusation of Light and Dark Douluo, Yun Ming is dumbfounded.</p>

<p>Yes! Shrek City is really peaceful was too long, Shrek City that does not fall, this has the same thought in each individual heart. Who can think that some people will dare attack Shrek?</p>

<p>By these many Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell close-range attack, this is meant any he is clear, this Limit Douluo also gets hold of the double fist at this time.</p>

<p>But he knows that own is at this moment calm, must control the overall situation. attack of enemy is not only so is at present simple.</p>

<p>At this moment, the earth hears the slight(ly) vibration sound, Yun Ming and Long Yeyue complexion simultaneously changes.</p>

<p>Low and deep thundering, from distant place crack, this time not in Sky, but in ground.</p>

<p>If can discover from the airborne bird's eye view that Shrek City Outer City, mushroom clouds are raising suddenly, the explosions of terrifying as if collected the pitiful yell sounds of innumerable people.</p>

<p>Started, finally started.</p>

<p>Since the enemies can ship Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell to Outer City in the close-range launch, that naturally also has the means in the Outer City direct detonation.</p>

<p>Shrek City is entire Continent first Metropolis, has most numerous population, almost every person takes can become the Shrek City citizen for the honor. May at this moment, an unprecedented catastrophe actually suddenly arrive.</p>

<p>Yun Ming complexion piece of pale white, the entire Shrek City army went into action, when just the appear(ance) danger, he had issued the order, closes off all streets, seals up Outer City, cannot pass and out, investigates rigorously Outer City.</p>

<p>May order to issue for several minutes, fierce explosions have taken the response.</p>

<p>The explosion in Sky is the fireworks, but the explosion in ground is actually devastating! Over 15 explosions, do not know that many innocent common people therefore died.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, this is a long-premeditated war, yes, is the war, but no longer is terrorist attack. This is a disaster, suddenly, without the disaster of any omen.</p>

<p>Any city, has various types of precise detectors, surveys all high explosive cargos. Like Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell this type of dangerous material, is any city, once were discovered must process immediately.</p>

<p>But, in Shrek City, on Shrek that does not fall, actually some so numerous High Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell appear(ance) do not have anybody to discover that what this does mean?</p>

<p>Means that the enemy has the method of practicing trickery, means that Shrek City already was not sheet iron one.</p>

<p>Yun Ming understood suddenly, the Heaven Dou City large explosion, attracted the attention of numerous people, Tang Sect or Shrek Academy, have dispatched many Elite going that side. But the ultimate goal of enemy, actually is not Heaven Dou City.</p>

<p>genuine to Holy Spirit Cult has the huge threat is not Heaven Dou City, but is Shrek Academy, is Tang Sect.</p>

<p>Therefore, the enemy final attack goal, from beginning to end is here!</p>

<p>„I go.” Ya Li drinks one lowly, exits on the strategic place. Actually held on by Yun Ming.</p>

<p>attack of enemy will not stop, Shrek Academy or Tang Sect General Headquarters, in Shrek Inner City. The losses that at this time their attack Outer City, causes are huge, but was also insufficient to injure the Shrek City basis.</p>

<p>Therefore, this attack had not ended absolutely. Once at this moment, they were flurried, was transferred by the enemy, then, can only be a bigger disaster arrives.</p>

<p>„Tang Sect, please save the sick and wounded, Outer City asked you.” Yun Ming sounds/voices passes on by far.</p>

<p>ray of light dodges, in his Light and Dark Douluo Long Yeyue take-off, this could not endure patiently suddenly finally.</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>