<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="898">#898: Teacher(s)...</h2>
<p>„I do not fear death, but we are the Academy kindling materials, now in this situation cannot appear easily. All people think that we died, with the Academy altogether life or death. This is our only superiority at present, we also in hidden place. Therefore, following time, I decided that temporarily lie low gets up, does not contact anybody easily, watches changes quietly. At least after waiting for outside situation to stabilize, we again continue to scheme. Meanwhile, we want analysis, which people can trust, which strength will be we can draw support in the future. Also must observe, after observing this big disaster, who is the biggest benefit winner.”</p>

<p>„Two Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, I do not believe that only Holy Spirit Cult can steal them, and detonates in our Shrek City. Certainly also has other influences to add fuel to the flames. At least we must the pathfinding, after finding the goal first, we can a better preparation. In lie low the time, we must try hard to promote the own strength, completes the promotion of Two Word Battle Armor Master. Only then Two Word Battle Armor Master stage, we have the strength of self-preservation reluctantly.”</p>

<p>At this time, Tang Wulin when narrated that own idea, not with the meaning that everybody discussed. Now needs is not the democracy, person but who can have the resolution, eagerly anticipates their to walk forward. Without a doubt, only then Tang Wulin can do this matter.</p>

<p>Listened to his these words, in people eyes were many immediately several points of appearance, had the pillar, has matter that wanted to handle, at least they can be no longer confused.</p>

<p>„Our where does lie low get up?” Le Zhengyu asked.</p>

<p>Without doubt, the pub that at this time they live is not suitable, here does not even have the means to help them promote Two Word Battle Armor. Promotes Two Word Battle Armor to need resources also to have peaceful the enough place.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „I try to find the solution.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he has put out own Soul Guide Communication Device, has dialed a number. This is he besides relating own companion, first time contacts with other people.</p>

<p>„Wulin?” Somewhat rapid sounds/voices transmits from Soul Guide Communication Device.</p>

<p>Hears this sounds/voices, the eye socket of Tang Wulin somewhat was instantaneously moist, he is constraining the own excited mood reluctantly, said in a low voice: „Teacher(s).”</p>

<p>Person of first relation yes, he chooses, is one of his Teacher(s), Innate Body Sect Present Generation Sect Master, Innate Body Douluo Mu Ye.</p>

<p>Mu Ye anxious sound track: „You where? All right. Shrek......”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Teacher(s), I am all right. You where? Also, my Senior Teacher he fortunately?”</p>

<p>Listens to Tang Wulin such to ask that Mu Ye was silent immediately, „your Senior Teacher he......”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin heart one tight, „Senior Teacher did he have an accident?” Really so? He had already guessed correctly, Holy Spirit Cult links Shrek and Tang Sect will begin, how possibly to let off Senior Teacher this Continent only Divine Craftsman?</p>

<p>Mu Ye said: „Luckily at that time I side him, the rapidness that we ran, he also had the tone. However, the injury is serious, body receives the Evil Spirit corrosion of Evil Soul Master, now also stupor. We in the mountain of Heaven Dou City suburb. Here has a Sect safe house.”</p>

<p>Listened to the Mu Ye words, Tang Wulin instead to relax, at least Senior Teacher was also living.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, „can Teacher(s), give me an address? We pass.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye has stopped, seems is thinking, after the moment, „Wulin, you need to prove your status to me first. In the official death list, you were qualify.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „of course. You said that how to show.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye said: „What stage was your present forging rank?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Saint Craftsman Rank, previous time followed that time that you and Senior Teacher studied just to promote in Heaven Dou City. Meanwhile has studied with you to Innate Body strength slight Control. To each muscle, you taught me to say precisely, I can own body Control as slight as the degree of cell, my Innate Body Sect secret method built.”</p>

<p>„Not!” Mu Ye as if grows the tone, „good, I also prove my status to you. Initially, when went to Star Luo Empire, 49 days of preliminary cultivate, making you overcome solid foundation.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin corners of the mouth twitched slightly, „Teacher(s), told me the address, we will overtake as soon as possible.”</p>

<p>„Good.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye told the route that a Tang Wulin address and went.</p>

<p>Hangs up the communication, Tang Wulin relaxed obviously. At present he can think that most trustworthy several, naturally were his several Teacher(s) and Senior Teacher.</p>

<p>Mu Chen Teacher(s) in Shrek City, now Life and Death does not know, he first thinks that can relate, is Mu Ye and Zhen Hua.</p>

<p>After having hung up and Mu Ye communication, he has broadcast immediately a number. When broadcast that this number, his hand somewhat shivers slightly.</p>

<p>The ting resounds, enough four, Wu sound, nobody puts through as before, the heart of Tang Wulin sank to the valley.</p>

<p>When he prepares to hang up the communication, the communication has put through suddenly, „who?” Another side transmits somewhat low and deep hoarse sounds/voices.</p>

<p>Hears this sounds/voices, the Tang Wulin whole body megascism, Control does not live in the own mood again, sounds/voices became sobbed instantaneously, „Teacher(s).”</p>

<p>„Wulin?” Another side sounds/voices improves eight degrees instantaneously, „Wulin, are you also living? You, you where?” Huge sounds/voices can hear including Tang Wulin surroundings companion.</p>

<p>Yes, this sounds/voices belongs to Mu Chen, genuine leads Tang Wulin to step onto one generation of Saint Craftsman of broad road in the forging world.</p>

<p>„Teacher(s), is I, I am also living, I ran away. Is a long story, you were too fortunately good. You where?”</p>

<p>Mu Chen aura is obviously excited, after the loud breathing has continued for several seconds, under he reluctantly returns to normal the own mood, „I in Heaven Dou City, am looked for your Senior Teacher. But Heaven Dou City Blacksmith Association General Headquarters was just hit by the attack the day before yesterday, your Senior Teacher was missing. Now General Headquarters is also a confusion, I assume the general situation here. However do not come, now where cannot ensure the security. When me straightened out said again that you found the place to hide first. Is all right well, is all right well! You could rest assured that I and your Senior Sister is all right, before I led her to return to Eastsea City, happen to have evaded this great misfortune.”</p>

<p>Finally had a good news, Tang Wulin big relaxing , the whole person relaxed several points.</p>

<p>„Good, Teacher(s), you also pay attention to take care.”</p>

<p>Has hung up the communication, the Tang Wulin big mouth is panting for breath, his subconscious wants to dial a number again, actually put out a hand to block by nearby Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>„Wulin, calm.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart shakes, stops hand. Without doubt, person who now they contact with are more, the possibility of exposition is bigger.</p>

<p>Puts down communications device and closes down, „was sorry that I was too excited.”</p>

<p>Regarding them, regardless of now carefully not to be how excessive.</p>

<p>„Rests for day, tomorrow set off, we will look for my Teacher(s) and Senior Teacher first, settles. When the time comes also asked Holy Spirit Douluo Your Excellency to have a look for my Senior Teacher, could help him cure the injury.” Words of Evil Spirit attack, Holy Spirit Douluo should most be good at coping.</p>

<p>A night does not have the words, the second day very early in the morning, the people have the breakfast to start off quietly. In the Tang Wulin Tang Sect Combat Car normal condition can accommodate eight people, now adds on Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li, was nine people. Slightly is crowded. Only can be several thin females sits in rear one row.</p>

<p>Everybody is very the way silent, this attack regarding everyone was really too big, they cannot even think that these had taught their Teacher(s) and had studied together companion. Luckily, they at least have the spiritual pillar, each other Lover also in side. Only has Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li to sit on vehicle, glassy-eyed looks to the glass, the whole person completely likely lost the soul.</p>

<p>Has Gu Yue, sits appears very happy on the vehicle, often smiles to Tang Wulin, called one „Daddy” sweetly, only then at this time, in the presence of everyone person vision strange looked at to Tang Wulin time, the atmosphere was relaxed.</p>

<p>After entering the mountainous area, the path started to be not so good, the Tang Sect Combat Car name will follow reality, almost can march forward on most paths luckily, finally, in the distant place level area, house appear(ance) that a piece of stone build became in their field of vision.</p>

<p>If no detailed way that Mu Ye gives, wanted to find here really very not to be easy.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin sees to open the door, walks Mu Ye that from inside, the eye socket once more was immediately red. After the disaster, must see the feeling of family member, making his nearly Control not live in the own mood.</p>

<p>-------------------------------------</p>

<p>Sought the monthly ticket and recommendation vote support.</p>

  </body>
</html>