<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="799">#799: Reinforcements, Sacrifice</h2>
<p>Very obviously, Evil Soul Master has felt, in Shrek Seven Monsters, to he threatens in a big way cannot frontage assault Tang Wulin, but from establishes the natural in Xu Xiaoyan that absolutely Control. If no that Control, just Tang Wulin possibly did injure has resulted in his Deep Turtle?</p>

<p>Therefore, he used own sixth Soul Skill, the goal must solve Xu Xiaoyan first.</p>

<p>That Extreme Yin Domain just likes a coffin is ordinary, covers the body of Xu Xiaoyan completely. Golden Dragon King aura that Golden Dragon Frantic Domain produces is consuming rapidly. Almost is only during several breath, Xu Xiaoyan defense will be broken. At that time, in Extreme Yin Domain, she is her Battle Armor, will be melted directly.</p>

<p>„Xiaoyan!” Le Zhengyu said one, a back pair of wings fierce racket. Almost does not have the half minute to hesitate, outrageously broke in that Extreme Yin Domain.</p>

<p>Extreme Yin Domain individual attack strength strong, moreover is in itself also strong Control kind of Soul Skill. Otherwise will not be elected to be own sixth Soul Skill by Evil Soul Master, its only issue, is the attack range is small, can only a attack person. But is actually he strongest single body Soul Skill, he is first time saw, daring that some people like a moth to the flame breaks in own Extreme Yin Domain directly.</p>

<p>Bunch of pure white Sacred Flame almost same time lights from Le Zhengyu. Is burning that Sacred Flame, impressively is his back a pair of wing.</p>

<p>That pure white flame seems gentle and warm, to feeling that the human one type warm-hearted comforts. Le Zhengyu breaks in Extreme Yin Domain, the back burns the wing of flame to close up inward, protects Xu Xiaoyan completely during the bosom of own.</p>

<p>Mysterious appear(ance), by the Extreme Yin Domain that formidable attack strength, unexpectedly was unable to pollute that flame, kept off outside actually.</p>

<p>„Sacrifice! Holy Angel Family!” Evil Soul Master cold snort, but many carries over the flavor that several points dreaded in sounds/voices.</p>

<p>Sacrifice? Other Shrek Seven Monsters several people heard this name to stare.</p>

<p>Also at this time, the distant place, severe roar came, that Evil Soul Master complexion slightly changed, revealed one to dread, let somebody cool off or calm down looked at Tang Wulin their eyes, the personal appearance has been hidden suddenly.</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin their All-Out defense, protects Xu Xiaoyan and Le Zhengyu, prepares greets severely attacks time. Disappearance that Evil Soul Master actually disappears from the scene.</p>

<p>„Well, Sacrifice?” Airborne suddenly resounds surprised sounds/voices. The air as if baseless had been ripped open, the silvery-white form falls together baseless.</p>

<p>silvery-white pair of wings launches, leads his body to descend slowly, the under foot, silver ring of light ray of light blooms.</p>

<p>Three Word Battle Armor Master! Also is Three Word Battle Armor Master. But without a doubt, light aura that releases from him can feel that this definitely is not Evil Soul Master.</p>

<p>The head has helmet, on the face has mask, cannot see the look. This person of silver light dodges, a handle silver little hammer departs, flies sky over Extreme Yin Domain. Radiant silver light bloom, take shape a series of mirror surface general shapes. „Whiz”, Extreme Yin Domain vanished under the reflection of that mirror surface.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>Is burning white flame restraining, Le Zhengyu actually as before tight is hugging Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>„Sorry, Xiaoyan.” Le Zhengyu said in the Xu Xiaoyan ear in a soft voice such, then slowly fell in him softly.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin body contraction, has taken back Golden Dragon Frantic Domain. To that silver armor Three Word Battle Armor Master respectful [say / way]: „Thank You (xiexie) your rescue, are you?”</p>

<p>On that Three Word Battle Armor Master silver light glittering, each Battle Armor likely turned into the mirror surface, under strange shine, drilled into his body to vanish quietly does not see, has revealed him the true self.</p>

<p>He is a handsome middle-aged person, seems the 30-year-old appearance, a blue short hair appears very spiritual. eyes is fiery, what stranger is, his eye pupil unexpectedly is silver.</p>

<p>„I am Federation War God Temple Preparatory War God Luo Shaofeng, you are very good. Actually can block Zun Fang to be so long.” Luo Shaofeng somewhat surprised looks on front these to dress the One Word Battle Armor young people.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat anxious [say / way]: „older generation(s), whether to help us have a look at my companion first, he......” was saying at the same time, his been careful receives Le Zhengyu from the Xu Xiaoyan hand.</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng beckons with the hand, said: „He is all right. So long as Holy Angel Family Sacrifice is Sacrifice flame has not extinguished, oneself will not be injured.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan at this time appears some delay, she was unable to restore from formerly feeling.</p>

<p>When Extreme Yin Domain falls on her, and has shut off all Star-time Chains time, her first reaction ended. At that time, she only thought that extremely cloudy and cold aura from welled up in all directions, own is unable the move half minute, in Soul Power on joined bodies unable to transfer. Only can be felt that the air/Qi of that Extreme Yin fast is corroding the Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Frantic Domain amplification to give own bloodline aura.</p>

<p>But at this moment, the white form has been full of her line of sight suddenly, then she was supported into during a warm bosom. His hug that powerful, in that flickers, she heard his intense heartbeat. His that just like twittering general „sorry”. He uses the wing of own her gable, has blocked that cold and gloomy corrosion for her.</p>

<p>In that flash, Xu Xiaoyan sudden innermost feelings stabbing pain maliciously. She wants to break free of his arms, she does not want to make him withstand that for own obviously is the fatal injury.</p>

<p>But, his bosom was really too powerful, powerfully to letting her is unable to work loose. He entered Extreme Yin Domain, similarly is unable to move, two people were stranded, in momentarily will have carried off in their Life world.</p>

<p>When Le Zhengyu falls in her softly that flickers, she saw his smiling face, gratified smiling face, smiling face of feeling relaxed. That sorry no longer proud, but has filled the light warmth and sincerity.</p>

<p>Tears, not by Control flows following the cheek of Xu Xiaoyan, her sounds/voices somewhat is shivering, „older generation(s) , he won't he have the matter? Why that did ability call Sacrifice?”</p>

<p>The Luo Shaofeng eyebrow has selected selecting, „aren't you friends? Hasn't he told you Holy Angel Family Sacrifice talent? Reason that Holy Angel Family is Soul Master most Top Rank Family, the Sacrifice talent has lasting achievements now. When they in facing match irresistibly, can the combustion own Life strength release Sacrifice flame as the price, Sacrifice flame has to resist all negative effects, to ability of own Sacred Power three times of amplifications. Can let have pure bloodline Holy Angel Family member to have over time fighting strength instantaneously temporarily. of course, has to obtain certainly will pay, after lighting Life Flame, uses the Sacrifice talent to carry off they ten years of Life strength each time.”</p>

<p>Ten years of Life strength? Simply speaking, that is ten years of life!</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui that because originally continuously the Xu Xiaoyan matter is not feeling well to Le Zhengyu very much, looks that the Le Zhengyu look changed. Other people all so. Xu Xiaoyan has had tears streaming down the face.</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng is also contains the [say / way] of appreciation: „Protects other people by own Sacrifice, this is a Holy Angel Family [lineage/vein] proudest place. This boy has not given his Family to lose face, Holy Angel is arrogant, is protecting the belief of their own eventually.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that in the throat as if choked up anything, the look nearly stagnated, facing genuine Elite, they as before that small and weak. Can they be joined to Shrek Seven Monsters these characters really? If were not Le Zhengyu has used Sacrifice, perhaps Xu Xiaoyan died. But is Captain own, Duty-bound Responsibility.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui walks to go forward, hugs into Xu Xiaoyan the character bosom. The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, „Xiaoyan is accompanying Zhengyu here, we continue to save the sick and wounded.”</p>

<p>At this time, the distant place, light shone piece by piece, Mecha dropped from the clouds. Not only these Mecha have the fight type, there are special rescues type. After falling to the ground, the incarnation for small rescue Platform, the massive medical care personnel gushes out in abundance, saves the sick and wounded.</p>

<p>That said that is War God Temple Preparatory War God Three Word Battle Armor Master Luo Shaofeng has not participated directly during the treatment, but is float in the midair, around the bird's eye view, is having the possibility appear(ance) enemy anytime.</p>

<p>Some matter people of life-saving have taken over, the Tang Wulin half step arrives under the Luo Shaofeng body, gains ground to look up at him, asked: „Is Zun Fang that older generation(s), you said a moment ago who?”</p>

<p>Luo Shaofeng looked at his one eyes, „, if I have not guessed wrong, you should come from Shrek Academy? Inner Court disciple?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gawked, immediately nodded.</p>

<p>-------------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. Thank You (xiexie) everybody.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>