<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="837">#837: The bustling place builds up the heart, the desire is boundless</h2>
<p>Gu Yue lowered the head, she has not spoken. Suddenly, her fierce throwing to the Tang Wulin bosom, gains ground, kiss to him.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin becomes by her the mood of surging had a scare suddenly, but is feeling that familiar aura, feels lip that she is warming up, he almost fell to the enemy instantaneously.</p>

<p>Her movement is very jerky, when like their first time is kissing each other, but in that jerky, has the Tang Wulin innumerable attachments.</p>

<p>Their breath start become rapid, the temperature in cavern as if starts to elevate gradually. In the Tang Wulin heart fiery is ascending unceasingly.</p>

<p>Their nearly madness is tearing each other clothes, as if all constrains in the heart of hearts * bursts out in this moment.</p>

<p>At this moment, suddenly, Tang Wulin felt that a own front pain, a grieved feeling of difficult word spreads over the whole body slightly instantaneously, makes his ascended unusual intense * fierce trembles.</p>

<p>The front stabbing pain changes into scalding hot, seemed relating anything. Tender body before his body as in All-Out is demanding, but the Tang Wulin look actually gradually becomes Pure Brightness.</p>

<p>He hugs her right hand, golden-colored is sparkling suddenly, changes into Sharp Claws, grasping maliciously on her head. The Tang Wulin anger exclaimed: „You are not she!”</p>

<p>During dazzling golden light (Jin Guang) sparkles, the Gu Yue form instantaneously became illusory, came to naught, vanished before his body without the trace, on Golden Dragon Claw [gold/metal] turnover, the Tang Wulin big mouth and big mouth was panting for breath.</p>

<p>But until this time, is sticking to that silver scales of his chest throughout, ray of light gradually is dim.</p>

<p>Yes, is the reminder of that scales, makes Tang Wulin be able to come soberly, before making him be able to recognize the family background , the status of person.</p>

<p>Surprised and interesting to listen to sounds/voices along with it resounding, „my illusion unearths from your heart of hearts, you can actually from sobers, this is really surprising. However, that as if not belong to your strength. The bustling place builds up the heart, * boundless. Hello, I am *@ Old Devil.”</p>

<p>In the gloomy corner, a female walked gracefully, she says Old Devil, is not old, seems is the 20-year-old appearance, dressing up of ten points exposition, the milk-white bosom half dew, the slender thigh is perfectly round, the frown and smile, direct the person daydream all.</p>

<p>Her look made Tang Wulin somewhat not see clearly, but felt that actually very much looked like Gu Yue. But in fact, trades anybody saw her time, will feel that she looks like own Lover.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin eye the cold brightness jumps shoots, „why you and do you want to suffer me with such way (of life)? You......”</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil shows a faint smile, very confident is facing the question of Tang Wulin, „not why, only to have a look, your loves are thorough any degree. I only then *, have not loved, therefore, what that is willing to peep at * is specially others' love brings. This is my joy.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin look changes cold, just about to says anything, actually listens to *@ Old Devil saying: „I already guessed correctly actually, in your several people, is most difficult to do should be you, because you are not quite easy to deceive, you do not have Lover to follow come here. What a pity, you fell to the enemy, but can see, you love is very profound. Therefore can so. Do you want to take a look, what are reaction of other people?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gawked, has not waited for him to reply, the *@ Old Devil right hand in airborne wields, piece of Light and Shadow flashes through, six light screens on appear(ance) in him at present.</p>

<p>Six light screens, of course is representing Shrek Seven Monsters other six people.</p>

<p>Light screen similarly in cavern, moreover seems is Tang Wulin location cavern exactly the same place. In a first cavern, impressively Xie Xie, personal appearance transparent Yuan En Yehui, without doubt, that was the illusion.</p>

<p>This time Xie Xie, has been holding Yuan En Yehui, what is extraordinary, he actually less further movement.</p>

<p>Xie Xie gently is panting for breath, as if in restraining anything, both hands of Yuan En Yehui is walking randomly behind him, the tender body as if must insert his body.</p>

<p>The breath of Xie Xie somewhat is obviously rapid, but his movement actually appears somewhat stiff.</p>

<p>„You and you did not say, after we want and other marriage, is willing to be intimate with me?” Xie Xie pants for breath was saying.</p>

<p>The [say / way] of false Yuan En Yehui sounds/voices fluttering flags: „In this Devil Island, we are in a precarious state radically. I quite feared that is good to fear the beforehand situation occurred. I must time give you own first, at least, no longer has regrettable. Xie Xie, loves me.”</p>

<p>The Xie Xie body shakes, subconscious, a hand grasps to the buttocks of Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>However, saw his hand must fall before the Yuan En Yehui buttocks flickers, the hand of Xie Xie stopped suddenly. He roars, „you die especially.” The wrist turns, Light Dragon Dagger appear(ance) was grasping, pricked the body of false Yuan En Yehui from the sides of the small of the back place.</p>

<p>Sees this, Tang Wulin is dumbfounded.</p>

<p>When, did the Xie Xie willpower strength become so formidable? In his impression, Xie Xie always does not have what restraint ability person! Moreover, on him is impossible to have like own Silver Dragon scales can awaken own goods existence. His resisted the attack of illusion with the own willpower strength completely.</p>

<p>Not only he, similarly is also shocked in his *@ Old Devil, dumbfounded looks at this. What situation is this?</p>

<p>The body of false Yuan En Yehui came to naught to vanish similarly, then Tang Wulin saw, Xie Xie had tears streaming down the face muttered: „I think that this is real! But, Yuan En that temperament, how possible, because falls into the hopeless situation to devote to me! Person who she has the principle, I to the present, have not drawn several times including the hand! This good deed I also think, but this is how possible! If really good, if really good!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin speechless, is not this fellow willpower strength strong, but is the Yuan En Yehui character issue, in addition he understanding Yuan En Yehui, even also some hides fearing in heart of hearts. After all, he sees Yuan En to take a bath twice accidentally, later was played by the pain, has cast certain shadow.</p>

<p>Almost is subconscious, Tang Wulin looked to six pieces of Light and Shadow, was Yuan En Yehui that piece.</p>

<p>„!” A Yuan En Yehui big mouth, pulled out to fly false Xie Xie. False Xie Xie to words that she spoke, to similar that beforehand false Yuan En Yehui said.</p>

<p>But Yuan En Yehui is such aggressive......, pretty face blushes, but was still a palm of the hand pulled out flew false Xie Xie.</p>

<p>„You and you how under such heavy hand, you quite hit me to be sore.” False Xie Xie crawls from the ground, the whole face is sad.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui sneers, „hurts? Sorer. You radically are not he, he does not have this courage to dare with me to request this. You radically are an adulteration.”</p>

<p>Sees here, in the Tang Wulin heart the secret unstated criticism, Xie Xie this wife managed the strict degree to arrive at what kind of realm to let Yuan En Yehui such having confidence! Usually really has not looked that now looks like, perhaps Xie Xie by the Yuan En control, but heavy!</p>

<p>Is looks at *@ Old Devil in suffering own companion obviously, but why does not know, after looking at Yuan En Yehui and Xie Xie this two sides, Tang Wulin has the impulsion that plants to smile.</p>

<p>What his next looks to approach is the Xu Lizhi location cavern.</p>

<p>„I do not dare, Sister Xinglan, I do not dare. You in my heart are such Sacred, I, I a little have not been ready. Sister Xinglan, you leave this, my a little not became a habit. You in my heart are not such! Do not trace me! I, I and I......”</p>

<p>Little Bai pig that Xu Lizhi looks like trembling, rolls up in the corner, false Ye Xinglan squats side him, feeling that some are unable to start unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sees here, the corners of the mouth twitched, is really because the Xu Lizhi appearance is not quite elegant, his chubby body rolled up there did not say, but also both hands covered own important Placement, lowered the head, does not dare to look at the coquettish look such as silk false Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>„Lizhi, are you do do? The beforehand situation you also saw, I feared really that feared here will have the mishap, while us in the same place, I must give you most precious thing. I know that these years you very much have liked me, what do you fear now?”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath, his body actually as before rolls up in the same place, „Sister Xinglan, I not. I cannot take advantage of somebody. Sister Xinglan, do not force me to be good, I have not been ready. Do you know? The dream in my heart, had been vainly hoping for one day, I can be properly married you, if our marriage room certainly the red arrangement, you wear the wedding dress to sit on the bed, I can justifiable with you in the same place. I am really good to like you, therefore I cannot blaspheme you, the matter of men and women is Sacred, I must complete this life important matter under the etiquette of Sacred with you.”</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>