<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="852">#852: Tang Sect Combat Car</h2>
<p>Yellow Four said: „I am Defense System Battle Soul Master.”</p>

<p>Listened to the words of people, Purple One satisfied nod. Although among Battle Member the status also mutually keeps secret, moreover Soul Master should not inquire each other ability, but at least must know that everybody's excelling direction is anything, will coordinate to be easier.</p>

<p>„Is very good, then, Yellow Three, what degree your can Control be?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Vine kind of Control, excels at Bind, controls the audience. And there is a certain attack strength.”</p>

<p>Purple One said: „Good, you are host Control Soul Master of our temporary team. I make the arrow. Yellow Two you treat in behind, Yellow One is responsible for scouting. The Yellow Four whole show is protection Yellow Two and Yellow Three. Understood?”</p>

<p>„Yes.”</p>

<p>The people can become Yellow Rank Battle Member, is elite, the simple exchange arranged task.</p>

<p>„set off!” Purple One rubbish, the big hand wields, five people left Battle Soul Hall fast, on Tang Sect specially is Battle Member preparation Soul Guide Steam Vehicle.</p>

<p>Tang Sect Soul Guide Steam Vehicle all over the body is blue, it is said to commemorate Tang Sect ancestor Tang San. This is not ordinary blue, itself has the color deterioration function, can carry on various camouflage easily. Moreover Tang Sect this type of specially-made vehicles have many other functions.</p>

<p>Because before Tang Wulin, is White Rank Battle Member, has not contacted these Tang Sect high tech. He has seen this Tang Sect Combat Car exchange proportion in the exchange list of Battle Member. Value not poor! Endured compared with Thousand Years spirit items of rare rank.</p>

<p>Purple One drives personally, Tang Sect Combat Car made Tang Wulin feel its advantage quickly, speed was quick, and was steady. Sits in the car(riage), cannot hear any noise. This Combat Car is five positions. Sits can adjust the quite comfortable posture in everyone.</p>

<p>Purple One and Yellow One sit in the front, Tang Wulin and Yellow Two and Yellow Four in the back row. Left Tang Sect General Headquarters, Purple One has been driving Combat Car skilled quickly in the High-speed road, directly soared the Heaven Dou City direction to go.</p>

<p>Has the Tang word logo forefront Tang Sect Combat Car, a on High-speed road, the logo has shone, and sends out similar warning general sounds/voices. The discovery that then Tang Wulin is startled, Tang Sect Combat Car speed promotes continually, the rapidness of speed, even also wants on the strong several points compared with Soul Guidance Train.</p>

<p>Other Soul Guide Steam Vehicle on High-speed road on own initiative give way to traffic, heard the alarm sound naturally the innermost path gives them.</p>

<p>Does this have the privilege? Moreover, can Soul Guide Steam Vehicle be so quick unexpectedly?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin pleasantly surprised. As one person who is called as Soul Guidance Train always to have an accident, if can have such one to be able the High-speed travel, and also has the vehicles of privilege, round trip where simply is not convenient.</p>

<p>„Purple One, this can make others give way to traffic, and overspeed privilege, Tang Sect does Combat Car of our own exchange have?” Tang Wulin cannot bear ask.</p>

<p>Purple One said: „Thinks any good deed. When carries out special task, special approval after Sect, and is good in the Federation report. Our Tang Sect may not have what privilege.”</p>

<p>Although so that's how it is, Tang Wulin somewhat is slightly disappointed, but thinks that this is also reasonable. After all, the Tang Sect Battle Member quantity are not too few, if can the privilege learner vehicle, not be good likely to lead to the traffic accident. Because special task can have privilege to be passable.</p>

<p>Purple One said: „It is not absolute. If you have the special contribution to Sect and Federation, can obtain the Federation reward contributes badge specially, coordinates our Tang Sect Combat Car, can have the privilege actually. of course, this must apply. As far as I know, our Battle Soul Hall has several Battle Member to have such vehicles. After going back, you can inquire the specific demand to the information bank.”</p>

<p>„Thank You (xiexie) you.” Tang Wulin complies with one. This is the good deed! Goes back to ask first said again.</p>

<p>This privilege Tang Sect may have, Shrek Academy also similar possibility. Thinks of here, Tang Wulin remembered own that Yellow Rank Mecha. By own present forging ability, should promote really it. Has the Mecha words, will go into action to facilitate to be many.</p>

<p>The matter that wants to handle is really many! Wipes the light smile to reappear under mask. He likes this substantial feeling.</p>

<p>The Purple One road sense is good, Tang Sect Combat Car continues High-speed to go, compared with being called as Soul Guidance High-speed Train entered the Heaven Dou City range quickly.</p>

<p>The weather gradually faded out, the vehicle speed slowed down, gets down the High-speed road, Purple One has driven Tang Sect Combat Car to enter the Heaven Dou City city limit. Also opened the Combat Car camouflage system, making it quick looks like ordinary vehicles, did not have is so noticeable.</p>

<p>Enters the urban district, the Tang Wulin mood somewhat constrains, by the path, can see many tents and temporary housing, is relying on the keen sense of hearing, he also occasionally can hear some weeping sounds to transmit. Various Federation breakdown lorries also find at everywhere. It can be imagined, this terrorist attack has brought what kind of disaster to Heaven Dou City.</p>

<p>Such existence has surpassed the Twenty-thousand Years Ancient city to undergo so heavily attacks, Holy Spirit Cult was really too hateful.</p>

<p>Purple One sinking sound track: „Weather some late, you had do not excel at the night fighting?”</p>

<p>Nobody spoke.</p>

<p>„Good, we go to that abandoning factory region to search for immediately. Has not known how long must search to be able to find the clue. Earlier starts. Yellow Two, your body?”</p>

<p>„I do not have the issue.” Yellow Two sounds/voices clear replied. She is Cure System Soul Master, therefore Purple One has such asked.</p>

<p>Purple One looked at a vehicle navigation, a revolution of steering wheel, drove on Tang Sect Combat Car an alley, the road was boarding not many, the vehicle speed promoted slowly, fast went in the suburb direction.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin closes both eyes, close eyes maintains mental tranquility. Right hand subconscious according, in the front just obtained on soon Yellow Rank Battle Member badge.</p>

<p>Yellow Rank Battle Member badge itself has certain promotion effect to Spiritual Strength, simultaneously can provide Localization, searching and small range radar multiple functions. The volume is not big, but affects is quite not small, itself also supplements necessary contact, binds the badge insider information.</p>

<p>To Yellow Rank this stage, has Heaven and Earth Difference with beforehand White Rank Battle Member in the treatment obviously.</p>

<p>If White Rank Battle Member is the reserve duty, then, Yellow Rank Battle Member was Battle Soul Hall main fighting strength.</p>

<p>Finally, when the weather is completely dark, Tang Sect Combat Car advances one piece obviously is to abandon region as before., Can see the workshop take shape shadows by far.</p>

<p>Without any light existence, gloomy, but bleak/desolate. The car(riage) advances this region, has a cloudy and cold feeling to raid the heart imperceptibly.</p>

<p>Purple One stops Tang Sect Combat Car, said in a low voice: „Inspects communications device.”</p>

<p>The people hold down separately own badge, according to serial number order, 11 checkups.</p>

<p>„Communication is normal, gets out.” Purple One told one, first to get out, simultaneously has turned off all headlights.</p>

<p>The people get out successively. After getting out, that cloudy and cold feeling particularly was also obvious.</p>

<p>Purple One looked at surroundings, said: „Yellow Two, you with Yellow Four one group, Yellow One and Yellow Three, I, we are divided into four teams, disperses searching. Has any discovery to report immediately. If discovers Evil Soul Master, do not act rashly, first greeted the teammate. Remember, all give priority to own safety. Understood?”</p>

<p>„Yes!”</p>

<p>This piece abandons factory region obvious area not to be small, in their each individual hand blueprint, Purple One spreads out own blueprint, has divided the searching region above. His own searching most deep place.</p>

<p>„Motion.”</p>

<p>Purple One waves toward Tang Sect Combat Car, sees only on his finger ring ray of light to dodge, received Tang Sect Combat Car, then toward abandoning the factory goes.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin own also storage ring, inside huge spatial can direct load bearing Mecha, but also kept Academy before military training.</p>

<p>Yellow One also fast submerges in darkness, Tang Wulin looked at a own map, toward assigned direction barrel.</p>

<p>In the eye the purple aura glistening, does not need any lighting attachment, relies on Purple Demon Eyes he also to see the surroundings situation clearly. Purple Demon Eyes was almost Battle Member necessary Tang Sect secret arts.</p>

<p>Purple One had not confessed that desirably everybody must wear the exposure suit, is in itself is confident to them, everybody has Battle Armor, Battle Armor is easier-to-use than any exposure suit.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin had not felt that any illness, his own Golden Dragon King bloodline is formidable, ordinary deleterious substance where may invade his body!</p>

<p>Fast vanguard, Tang Wulin walks, while is feeling surroundings all, simultaneously opened the miniature radar function on Yellow Rank badge.</p>

<p>This miniature radar he is a first use, can search to observe 100 meters in diameter range, 100 meters range all turns into the three-dimensional shape, presents in his spiritual sea. It is said the design inspiration came from initially Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao Spirit Eyes Soul Skill Spiritual Detection. of course, compared with Ice Spirit Douluo, the investigation range wanted small many.</p>

  </body>
</html>