<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="763">#763: Elder Brother, I like you</h2>
<p>Na'er gentle looks at Tang Wulin, at this moment, in her eyes only then he, „but, wanting into Soul Master to need Soul Spirit, needs to spend a lot of money. In our family is not wealthy, Aunt Daddy has tried hard really very much. Therefore, you when were only six years old to choose have studied forging. I remember, just started very much clearly, after you are tired every day goes home, even including the expression cannot make. Collapses on the bed, even links me to ask you you unable to hear probably.”</p>

<p>„But you have not given up, as before you insist practices. Whenever you took the wages time, besides leaving behind part saves, surplus buys the candy to eat for me. These candies, but may be sweet sweetly.”</p>

<p>„Still remembers? Days of I have asked you, if I walked, you can think me?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin dull listened to Na'er saying that his mind as if returned for ten years ago, got that time home.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>My ambition is, stars sea</p>

<p>He has the youth of black becoming dark pupil fair skin, steps Eastsea City solitarily, was surmising the dream steps in the unknown road ahead.</p>

<p>Waste Martial Soul Blue Silver Grass, Innate Soul Power pitiful 3rd Rank. In the big city, he is ordinary, even if is tiny the grass seed that such as flutters in all directions, has fulfilled the original intention.</p>

<p>When other people are also bathing the inculcation of Parents, he did not have the family.</p>

<p>That wipes warm bright silver, goes far away in the vision, in palm slightly cool.</p>

<p>„If some day I left, you can think me?”</p>

<p>„of course can think, especially and especially thinks.”</p>

<p>The moist night breeze is stroking gently the cheeks, the left atrium transmits the feeling of warming up, he smiles, not anguished, only then to past remembering fondly.</p>

<p>In his heart, that silver-haired girl never walks away, she lives in some angle of recollection, under the setting sun, is calling Elder Brother sweetly.</p>

<p>I am Tang Wulin, my ambition is stars sea.</p>

<p>When the ordinary grass seed sprouts the luxuriant prairie, I can carry your having a heavy touch seriously before that piece of stars sea?</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Elder brother, I likes you, I love you. I am willing to accompany you with all time of my future, accompanies side you. Let me love how are you? I am earnest.” The Na'er expression is very serious, Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming that serious Lian Lou puts on somewhat is shocking at this time.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin originally dry lonesome and desperate innermost feelings at this time flood intermittent ripples. Who if most important in the female in his heart, then, mother and Na'er and she, was in the unshakeable status.</p>

<p>But he has not thought that in time that this is a focus of public attention, on this Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, she actually will say such words to own.</p>

<p>„Na'er, you are my Younger Sister!”</p>

<p>„No, I am not, I am only your Na'er, our any blood relationship, I have not been only your Na'er, I do not make your Younger Sister again, I only make your Na'er.” She was saying stubbornly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin body slight(ly) is shivering.</p>

<p>„time arrived, Na'er, to be fair, I cannot make you say again.” Tang Yinmeng sounds/voices is somewhat strange, she has no alternative but to feel strange that at least compared in most this time has opened the mouth, looks at this people inconceivable, she is very good showing.</p>

<p>Na'er lowered the head, in the eye the tears are graceful, she said the words in own heart finally, but she had not said that Elder Brother, if you do not elect me, that......</p>

<p>If vindicating of Wu Siduo and Dai Yun'er, Tang Wulin can also be hard the feelings to withstand, then, Na'er these words, made his mind megascism.</p>

<p>He had once pledged that does not make Na'er sob again, may actually not think that at present lets that person actually own that Na'er sobs.</p>

<p>Na'er, you so are how silly!</p>

<p>But, why does not know, in his heart of hearts some feelings beyond description. Like such that Na'er said that they after all were not the biological brother and sister, Na'er are Younger Sister that he picked, is Younger Sister that he protected attentively.</p>

<p>Na'er gains ground suddenly, vision brilliant looks to Tang Wulin, „, if initially I had not walked, in your heart will certainly not have others.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin whole body shakes, right that she said that if initially she did not have, she continuously side own......</p>

<p>But said that Na'er of these words, the vision actually looked to behind, looked that was having the form of bamboo hat to not far away that.</p>

<p>Lan Muzi and Tang Yinmeng vision all centralized on Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Lan Muzi cannot bear acclaim one, „has not thought really that Wulin Junior Brother, first time will see you unexpectedly is such magnificent scene, will have so numerous outstanding Junior Sister to like you, even has also included our small goddess. Then, now, should be you make the choice the time. As a seasoned person, I must remind your am, when breaks , then breaks, otherwise instead its chaotic. Makes your choice. Injures more people with its future, might as well make them see clearly your heart thoroughly.”</p>

<p>If no Na'er these words, Tang Wulin without hesitation, but, he really hesitates now. He most does not hope to injure is Na'er!</p>

<p>What to do, should what to do?</p>

<p>Some Tang Wulin delay, stand on the Sea God lake level of the lake, his first time felt that own somewhat paces back and forth.</p>

<p>If early knows that participates in Blind Date General Meeting is such condition, he rather does not participate.</p>

<p>Has a look at them quite difficultly, he.</p>

<p>„Wulin Junior Brother, please choose.” Lan Muzi sounds/voices was urging low and deep.</p>

<p>The takes a deep breath tone that Tang Wulin makes an effort, strength of whole body as if transferred in this moment.</p>

<p>He engages in introspection, the answer is exceptionally clear. He is not willing to injure Na'er, but is actually not willing to deceive her. Let alone, all these are that complex, he does not want to let go this time opportunity, even if the opportunity seems very uncertain.</p>

<p>„Sorry, Na'er. I elect No. 17 female student!” Tang Wulin said this simple several word-time, has almost exhausted own all strength.</p>

<p>An audience piece calls out in alarm, all Outer Court disciple this time completely cannot think that facing Dragon Spear Goddess wooing as if weeping and complaining, he has not chosen unexpectedly, but chose that not to choose him, from beginning to end No. 17 female student who even has not uncovered the surface.</p>

<p>This and are this possible?</p>

<p>Wu Siduo, Dai Yun'er and Na'er, Three Great beautiful woman! He does not elect unexpectedly, but chose that not to choose his person.</p>

<p>Shore.</p>

<p>„Really, Boss is Boss, the military might is so aggressive! Na'er......” Xie Xie has wielded the fist subconsciously.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui, Ye Xinglan and Xu Lizhi, at this time also all an anxiety of face. They know that regarding Tang Wulin, the most important time approached.</p>

<p>glittering of light ray of light in the air, the lotus leaf of No. 17 female student fluttered slowly, arrived at the front line.</p>

<p>Lan Muzi and Tang Yinmeng look at each other one, saw panic-stricken in opposite party look. They cannot think that Na'er will be rejected unexpectedly.</p>

<p>But in Tang Wulin said those words instant, on Na'er pretty face blood-colored shed completely, subconscious retreat one step, half foot stepped on into the water, the body shook shaking, Control lived in the personal appearance.</p>

<p>Lan Muzi has swallowed saliva, looks to No. 17 female student, „defers to the rule, you must take off the own bamboo hat veil now. Then listens to his one minute to vindicate.”</p>

<p>No. 17 female student has stopped, then lifts both hands slowly, has picked head bamboo hat veil.</p>

<p>That is pale white pretty face, the black hair and black pupil. Compared with Dai Yun'er and Na'er, she is not outstanding, even was covered by side two female ray of light completely.</p>

<p>On her face, was already full is the tears, the tears that Control does not live. She visits him, her lip continuously in gently is shivering.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has smiled, looks at the tears on her face, he has smiled, she to him, is not No Love (heartless). Sees these tears, he suddenly thought that all were worth.</p>

<p>„You should elect her.” Gu Yue should not be excessive, looks to the Na'er direction.</p>

<p>Na'er has not spoken.</p>

<p>Gu Yue also said bewildered words, „I do not want to win.”</p>

<p>Na'er has actually smiled, at this moment, on the face of her pale white, has covered entirely the light smile, she sticks out chest, suddenly somewhat arrogant looks to Gu Yue, „something, are actually beyond control you.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue closes both eyes, tears once more to rush, „, but you may know that in this case, he will pay the how big price? Future we, meets the what kind difficulty.”</p>

<p>Na'er firm [say / way]: „I do not manage. I hope, can own complete gives him.”</p>

<p>Some Tang Wulin delay visits them, he does not know that their relations so did make closer unexpectedly? Actually were they saying what? Why his cannot understand.</p>

<p>Lan Muzi cannot understand, but Blind Date General Meeting must continue, „Wulin, this you, you had one minute of time.”</p>

<p>---------------------------------------</p>

<p>This was I already was actually intimate, everybody looked slowly, behind was continuous * occurred repeatedly.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>