<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="878">#878: I also love you</h2>
<p>Sea God Island disappears, the Sea God lake was dry, takes a broad view to look, Tang Wulin can see that has a darkness. A piece jet black is similar to the abyss is ordinary, sinks to the bottom to have thousand zhang (3.33 m) endocrater fully.</p>

<p>Is this Shrek Academy? Is this Shrek City? May at this moment, they only be able to see endless darkness.</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters crawls from the ground, their vision are the delay, the expression of everyone is stiff, at this moment, they distinct restored speech ability, actually links a character unable to say.</p>

<p>Shrek, their Shrek Academy, unexpectedly such, erased from entire Continent.</p>

<p>From beginning to end, entire process as if only then the dozen minutes, certainly temporary Shrek Academy, able to move unhindered Continent more than 20,000 years of inheritance, in light of this disappear. The students and Teacher(s), skeleton not saves. Surplus, Holy Spirit Douluo that as if only then their seven people remain unconscious with that.</p>

<p>Scarlet Dragon Douluo Zhuo Shi and Blazing Dragon Douluo Feng Wuyu and Silver Moon Douluo Old Cai and Light and Dark Douluo Long Yeyue, innumerable Shrek Academy Elite, vanished in just that Kill the Gods, Ruin the Heavens, Destroy the Earth. Thorough disappearance.</p>

<p>They are only 20 years old after all, although experienced has disciplined much, may meet the big change suddenly, time some are unable to accept.</p>

<p>They were survival Academy suddenly do not even have depending on the study. Is inheritance of Shrek Academy next generation, Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters, Shrek that actually behind the company depends upon did not have.</p>

<p>This is not a war, but radically is a disaster! The two big influences of row on front row on Continent, Shrek Academy perishes now, Tang Sect General Headquarters vanishes.</p>

<p>Tang Sect is relatively better, at least they also has the branch in other cities, but Shrek Academy actually alone this! The Continent liveliest city, is living Super Rank big city in light of this Fallen of more than ten million population. Simultaneously Fallen also more than ten million people!</p>

<p>It can be said that since Douluo Continent has had Humanity, this is a biggest disaster, an unprecedented disaster.</p>

<p>At this moment, sky over their top of the head has shone suddenly. That eye-catching ray of light made them not lift the head on own initiative.</p>

<p>Wipes desperately, simultaneously appear(ance) in seven people of eyes. In the sky of their location gulf, sparkles the brilliant light group is being similar to falls at top speed generally toward the pit.</p>

<p>Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, is Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. artillery shell has not arrived, they who prestigious imposing manner oppressed breathe difficulties, that terrifying flavor, making them deeply feel arrival of death.</p>

<p>Utterly destroy!</p>

<p>At this time in their hearts, only then these four characters that can think. Comes regardless of today's these Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell from where, without a doubt, the enemies have not planned to let off in them any.</p>

<p>Only utterly destroys, can not leave the future trouble.</p>

<p>Fends? Runs away? They may run away roadless. Here is thousand zhang (3.33 m) abyss. That artillery shell already close at hand. At least is also 8th Rank above Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. Takes their cultivation as, regardless of how ultra level display, impossible to escape in front of such to destroy the heavens and exterminate the land mighty energy.</p>

<p>They did not have the dependence, does not have the asylum of Shrek Academy, they can only use the body of own, withstands this terrifying attack.</p>

<p>A Tang Wulin first market comes finally, he does not have the hesitation of half minute, his fierce cross previous step, then fierce jumps to jump.</p>

<p>His strength had already been the shocking degree, even if solely depends on taking advantage of strength of body, this leaps, really also fully has 30 zhang (3.33 m). Moreover, huge Vine release from his body, including golden speech (Jin Yu) golden-colored Vine, was added by Blue Silver Overlord Transformation instantaneously holds, since he leaps the next quarter, fierce a brace in ground, this, has delivered to over 500 meters upper air him.</p>

<p>He cannot soar, only the useful this law, making own fly is higher.</p>

<p>He stretched out the arms, welcomes to that dropping from the clouds Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. He does not know that own can prevent many, but only has so, can own companion the opportunity that catches to live.</p>

<p>At least here, he has no cares and is alone in the world. He only hopes that companion can live. Although hopes as before uncertainly.</p>

<p>Bright golden-colored jumps on him shoots, golden-colored dragon scales covers the body, he from the sky accelerates unexpectedly once again, Golden Dragon Soars, making him clash 50 meters once more, that Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell is only close.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin even can see clearly, on that artillery shell complex traces are bursting out Frantic ray of light. At this moment, in his heart does not have fear, only then misses. Is missing his Parents, is missing Na'er, in his heart that most profound Shadow.</p>

<p>Gu Yue, left. If you are well, is cloudless day. Has forgotten me, I did not have the means to complete in the heart to your promise.</p>

<p>Closes both eyes, two drops of tears fall from the cheek place, he stretches out the arms, all become seem to be unimportant, in him at present, Gu Yue form as if illusory appear(ance) there, he only wants to use the both arms of own, enters in her tight hugging the bosom.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has satisfied, leaves this world in so illusion, all burden no longer existence. Is having missing, he must walk.</p>

<p>„Wulin!”</p>

<p>„Captain!”</p>

<p>„Boss!”</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters reaction comes finally, may at this moment, they be wants to fly into airborne replaces him also already late.</p>

<p>In their eyes has filled desperately, only has Ye Xinglan fierce moving sideways, dazzling sword light rumbles a big hole in the ground, then rapid all thrusts in companion the pit. Also has drawn Holy Spirit Douluo in stupor.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin must receive in exchange for the opportunity that lives with the Life price for them, can she make his painstaking care waste?</p>

<p>It is not the sad time, they must some people be able to live, makes the seed of Shrek Academy.</p>

<p>A chilliness, spreads in the Tang Wulin chest place, Tang Wulin has smiled, because he feels suddenly that own really grasped her.</p>

<p>Her body boiling hot, is bringing light maidenly fragrance as before. Her breath such as blue, slightly has rapid. Like that evening, after Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, she lies down, in he cherishes the feeling to be the same.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, I love you.” Tang Wulin twittering was saying, can before have the so real feeling at the point of death, he also has something not to be content?</p>

<p>„Fool, I also loves you.” A vocal cord familiar sounds/voices of endless complex emotion, is resounding in his ear.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin awakened suddenly, stares in a big way both eyes.</p>

<p>During the bosom, has human. He looks helplessly, that beautiful tender face at present.</p>

<p>„Na'er?” Tang Wulin delay, this look so familiar, but, she has as if grown up, has been short of the naivete, is more beautiful.</p>

<p>„Fool, I am your Gu Yue.” She opens red lips lightly, gently a kiss on his lip. But at this moment, endless ray of light, already their body Devour.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sees finally, is the a pair of huge silver wing, behind draws from „Na'er”, covers their bodies completely. The terrifying explosive force, blooms suddenly, but he actually feels, besides fluctuation, is warm, warm bosom, familiar aura. That in the ear is reverberating familiar sounds/voices.</p>

<p>In the gulf, Shrek six strange are on the rise to look up to all, they see, only then eye-catching brilliance. silver light, just like barrier common cross piece in midair. In that fierce bellow, they as if see together form suddenly baseless appear(ance), has held in the arms Tang Wulin, then uses the back of own, blocks artillery shell that has dropped from the clouds.</p>

<p>The large explosion continued for dozens seconds gradually to stand still, the entire ground undercut three feet, wreaking havoc energy storm madness was reverberating in these thousand zhang (3.33 m) abyss.</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>