<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="809">#809: The mantle soars</h2>
<p>„Do not be flustered, All-Out strives for Control. The service vehicle quickly to your there, as far as possible Control do not have the collision.” That side the control tower instead likely was calm.</p>

<p>Control? of course wanted Control, but was Control quickly is actually taking off.</p>

<p>Xie Xie promotes the pushing ram, aircraft rapid corner, because speed is somewhat too quick, in the process of corner, aircraft crooked, two sides flutter of airplane wings, but is much quicker than normal speed, directly soared the runway glide in the past.</p>

<p>„Day nine, days nine, issue the warning to you. Who you are, dares to kidnap aircraft. This is the capital crime, redundant, this is the capital crime, immediately stops, otherwise, the base has the right to destroy you.” sounds/voices of control tower suddenly becomes ice-cold.</p>

<p>Xie Xie stares, this was discovered that how to be possible? He thinks own study looks like very much!</p>

<p>Sits presses firmly between the fingers a thing to pull down from the engine room in back row Xu Lizhi suddenly, „I think that was this has exposed us.”</p>

<p>That is a small camera, without a doubt, it can transmit the situation in engine room to the control tower, so long as the control tower assigns out the video, immediately can see their here situations.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan rapid [say / way]: „Quick!”</p>

<p>„I know!” Xie Xie draws the pushing ram, on without enough time runway, because the ear-piercing alarm sound has resounded, can see indistinctly that on the distant place runway is used to be responsible for sealing up the back plate of runway to raise slowly, even if they wait a minute to be able on the runway, was impossible to take off.</p>

<p>In the Xie Xie eye cold brightness glittering, right hand holds on the propeller Control pole, fierce entrains backward.</p>

<p>In an instant, a terrifying thrust force instantaneously in four people engine room maliciously according to chair, but the three people outside engine room only thought transmits vigorously at the same time, extremely intense air current instantaneous assault on them.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin bellows, „Battle Armor!”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu simultaneously released own Battle Armor, his own was no exception, was relying on the mask of helmet and mask, this felt better.</p>

<p>aircraft suddenly accelerates, moreover is not the smooth acceleration, the Sky Flyer 17 front noses were lift to beat first, then entire put up aircraft suddenly to leap up.</p>

<p>They now on the glide runway, are not the genuine runways, has more than 300 meters from the front runway, but another side of runway is a lawn, or is Lu Huadai, smooth is smooth, but that is not the flinty ground.</p>

<p>Sky Flyer 17 end injection orifices erupt dazzling orange yellow ray of light, the short 300 meters distance is almost in a flash already. Almost is the flash, they broke in the lawn.</p>

<p>Xie Xie roars, both hands All-Out drawing joystick, the lawn width also has 400 meters, again front was the big piece barracks. If cannot fly, they will directly hit.</p>

<p>At the same time is drawing the control feeling, in engine room four people of Battle Armor as if by prior agreement have also released, no one wants dead, the situation not like they estimate, cannot take off on the genuine runway, can only put together these.</p>

<p>„!” In the Xu Xiaoyan mouth sends out ear-piercing to scream that Sky Flyer fierce fluctuation of 17 in lawn, saw, a 400 meters distance in lawn will arrive at the end, the weighty concrete wall in the front.</p>

<p>At this moment, aircraft fierce shakes, the Sky Flyer 17 powerful engines fully erupt, the nose-high is the same, all vibrations stopped suddenly, the front concrete wall as if to sinking has gotten down, the aircraft base hears a ear-piercing to shatter sound, but under flickers, they broke in the upper air.</p>

<p>„Oh! Flew!” Xie Xie stimulated shouts one.</p>

<p>„Had the collision, quickly inspection is any situation!” Ye Xinglan gets angry to him exclaims.</p>

<p>Xie Xie looked at a measuring appliance, then shrugs the arm, said: „Sorry, I cannot understand. You think that I looked at that fellow's several days control, can real Control put in order to put up aircraft? But judging from the present situation, we at least flew, flew in airborne, this called to hover. Ha Ha! Acceleration and acceleration!”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he draws the control feeling fiercely, aircraft increases rapidly.</p>

<p>In the earphone transmits control tower angry sounds/voices, „rapid return, otherwise, starts surface-to-air attack immediately. This is not the warning, this is the order.”</p>

<p>At this moment, in the ground, Soul Guidance rays from airborne have delimited, entrains the dazzling brilliance.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, these Soul Guidance rays are used to warn their.</p>

<p>„Has the skill you to hit father. The truth told you, we were this generation of Shrek Seven Monsters. If we died, you wait to come from the Shrek Academy anger.” Xie Xie roared, then has closed communications device rapidly.</p>

<p>North Sea Corps base, control tower!</p>

<p>In the control tower this time is a confusion, the supervisory system demonstrated that Sky Flyer 17 unexpectedly in the attached runway adds under the lawn condition, used 700 meters distance to complete merely took off forcefully.</p>

<p>Although had been discovered promptly, but all these come is too sudden, all people cannot come in first time reaction.</p>

<p>This situation is it can be said that unprecedented. In communications device transmits Shrek Seven Monsters these characters, some staff ignorant of audience.</p>

<p>That special action team major military officer said right, North Sea Corps is the Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy back garden. But because of so, here people clearer Shrek Academy is also meaning anything, is representing anything.</p>

<p>Reason that North Sea Corps does not have the student who Shrek Academy graduates, existence many political significances, if no support of Federation, this is impossible to achieve. Who does not know that on Continent most outstanding Soul Master came from Shrek!</p>

<p>However, even if they repel Shrek again , not clear Shrek Seven Monsters these significances of characters will not be anything. This simple five characters, are the symbols of entire Shrek!</p>

<p>If Shrek Seven Monsters died here, then, absolutely becomes the stir entire Federation important matter.</p>

<p>Control tower commander-in-chief Colonel Liu Ming the face was green at this time! What situation? When Shrek did Seven Monsters arrive at the North Sea Corps base? The news that he obtains said that base has grasped several high-pitched and fine, may be from Shrek Academy, only needs to detain their several days, bled off on the line again.</p>

<p>The situation that but, that major reported was, these Shrek students should put on sealed the soul handcuff and seal god helmet. Why can they actually drive aircraft to take off?</p>

<p>„Colonel, what to do?” The staff of control tower are looking at Liu Ming.</p>

<p>Liu Ming's breath is somewhat rapid, „immediately puts through the communication of general to me.”</p>

<p>The North Sea Corps armed forces regimental commander, Shen Yue Lieutenant General, is the military new generation dazzling star, 38 years old, became Lieutenant General. Is promoted as an exceptional case by Federation.</p>

<p>„General, the situation is this, please instruct!” Colonel Liu Ming has completed the report of own with quickest speed.</p>

<p>Another side of communication silent, „day character flying regiment take-off, North Sea first Mecha regiment take-off. Ensures their securities. Launches the air cover. If, forcing them to return to landing. How if they insist on, must ensure their securities.”</p>

<p>„Yes, understood.”</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters, the impacts of these characters were too strong, even if Lieutenant General, moreover is at with Shrek Academy disagreement condition Lieutenant General, does not dare to make them die in the own domain.</p>

<p>Shen Yue of military garb stands in the office, her height one meter about seven, the military uniform is straight, the years have not left too many traces on her face, seem are about 30 -year-old appearances. Moreover she is very beautiful, in the past, in Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy, she was also existence of school flower rank.</p>

<p>„Makes the icy peak major see me.” Shen Yue has pressed button on a table, issues the order.</p>

<p>„Shrek Seven Monsters?” The Shen Yue brow is tight, they truly obtain the news, has the Shrek Academy Inner Court student to come to carry out to gain experience. But that Shrek tradition she is knows that she even sent for attempting to go to that islands, is Commander North Sea Corps, is Northeast Military District Vice Commander, she in the military, has the right to speak of considerable degree in the own regiment particularly.</p>

<p>But is very obvious, initially her procedure received the severe criticism of higher authority in short time. Therefore, for her, that islands is a riddle.</p>

<p>Shrek came the human, moreover said that was Shrek Seven Monsters. If is really, that may really somewhat trouble.</p>

<p>Shrek Academy always hides shortcomings, if Shrek Seven Monsters has had an accident own here, the reason how regardless of she explained perhaps, is unable to smooth the Shrek Academy anger.</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters is not the casual choice, after must be previous generation Shrek Seven Monsters retires after meritorious service, again crosses an outside not to know that is how long time, can choose. Moreover in line with too little better than toomuch principle, if no enough good candidate, rather the vacancy cannot appear(ance).</p>

  </body>
</html>