<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="872">#872: feel ill-at-ease</h2>
<p>The extravasated blood on Tang Wulin face is abating fast, by his restoration ability, this small wound is nothing radically.</p>

<p>Xie Xie submissive [say / way]: „Boss, I made a mistake. But I really am not intentional! Yuan En has not crossed like this. I guaranteed, next time cannot like this.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stared his one eyes, „not next. Next time if she calls you a husband, you haven't given me backhandedly?”</p>

<p>Xie Xie surprised gaining ground, has a look at Tang Wulin, has a look at Yuan En Yehui again, as if possible, affirmation, meets appear(ance) this situation.</p>

<p>In front of Yuan En Yehui, he truly does not have no fighting strength.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin direct foot trampled to fly this fellow. Other people actually laugh, [say / way] that a Yuan En Yehui face shuts out: „Who will call his! Wants not to think.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin somewhat helpless [say / way]: „Your conditions I was roughly clear, turns head I to subscribe the plan with each of you again alone, today arrived here.”</p>

<p>Separates with companion, Tang Wulin returns in the own small log cabin, until this time, on his face were many desolate.</p>

<p>Saw that companion are forms a pair, can say in his heart not to have a point to envy that to be also possible? But, how envies can? Also can only envy. Until now, his Gu Yue and Na'er news does not have. They actually where? Actually where!</p>

<p>Gu Yue, will you really never see me? Is waiting for me, I certainly enough formidable looks for you.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>A Soul Guide Large Bus rapid travel on the High-speed road, this big Bus seems very ordinary, does not have what difference with ordinary Soul Guidance large bus, what only slightly different is, large bus windows are drawing the window curtains, is unable to make one see inside situation.</p>

<p>, The Shrek City checkpoint must arrive by far, large bus decelerates slowly, lines up according to the order, is waiting for the inspection.</p>

<p>In this time, checkpoint, is walking one to wear the staff of uniform, looks at its epaulet, has certain status in the checkpoint obviously.</p>

<p>He goes out of the checkpoint quickly, then beckons toward that Soul Guide Large Bus, has referred to side one everywhere in off-position passageway.</p>

<p>Soul Guidance large bus reaction is quick, immediately transferred, reverses the direction fast, goes to that passageway.</p>

<p>That staff walk into passageway, turned on inside equipment, the big Bus gate opens, seemed the look ordinary middle-aged man walked from above, arrived in front of that staff, has handed over the own credential.</p>

<p>The staff read his credential, hands over to give back to him, then enters inside handling room, turned on the equipment of impediment, the iron bar raised slowly, the middle-aged person turned around to board, drives Soul Guidance large bus to pass fast, went to the Shrek City direction.</p>

<p>The iron bar puts down, that staff also naturally walked, this road will not pass through as before.</p>

<p>Has not aroused the interests of other vehicles like the situation, after all, where has the privileged class, even if Shrek City is no exception. Others this called special passageway, only then there is relations to use, can avoid lining up, even did not pay the fee.</p>

<p>But nobody notes is, that staff after completing a moment ago this series of matters, returns to the toll station staff rest area directly, has changed clothes, but also greeted with the colleagues, got up Soul Guide Steam Vehicle voluntarily, departs quietly. But direction that he departs, is not that side Shrek City, but goes toward the distant place.</p>

<p>Because the car(riage) on road are getting more and more, Soul Guidance large bus slowed down speed, is marching forward in the stream of vehicles slowly. In the car(riage) altogether several people, appear very silent. They is a black uniform, on the face are all bringing the headgear, only reveals the nose and eye, as a result of their dressing up, making the atmosphere in entire Soul Guide Large Bus appear somewhat gloomy.</p>

<p>Only then driver of that driving , before is , the middle-aged talented person who once got out appears very normal.</p>

<p>Sits in front black-clothed person stands up, arrives at behind fast, the sinking sound track: „Barrier Equipment situation how?”</p>

<p>Another black-clothed person put out an instrument to look, nodded to him, „all as usual, besides background radiation, without any revelation.”</p>

<p>„Is very good.” Then, he returns to front, said to the front driver: „Moved as scheduled.”</p>

<p>„Yes!” Driver respectful saying, in the meantime, in his eyes, is revealing the frantic color obviously. That frantic has been full of the madness flavor.</p>

<p>Soul Guide Large Bus goes continually, quick entered the Shrek City urban district, the distant place can see Shrek City Inner City gradually.</p>

<p>Big Bus has not gone to the Inner City direction again, but turned a quite broad street , after going a while, slowly the deceleration, the roadside, seemed like the construction of Hotel, large door opened slowly, big Bus free turning entered, is hidden after large door.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Sea God Island.</p>

<p>Sits cross-legged to sit on the wooden bed, Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming opens eyes slowly, why does not know, flashes through in his eyeground deep place wipes the color of surprise.</p>

<p>„Ya Li.” He calls one lightly.</p>

<p>„How?” Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li walked from outside, she listens obviously, Yun Ming sounds/voices some are not slightly right.</p>

<p>„Why does not know, I have the feeling of feel ill-at-ease.” In Yun Ming sounds/voices has several points to have doubts.</p>

<p>Ya Li is surprised, „what? feel ill-at-ease?” Must know that Sky Raising Douluo is Present Generation Limit Douluo, has the name of Continent first person, the great strength of its strength, excels by far Soul Master. Does his feeling know that be more formidable than many times average man, Spiritual Strength already entered Spirit Domain Realm stage, his sensation, almost it can be said that feels some meteorological Transformation on entire Douluo Continent.</p>

<p>Can make him have the feeling of feel ill-at-ease, certainly had any important matter to occur. Like former Heaven Dou City bitter experience attack time, he once some premonitions, even once the accurate premonition was the Heaven Dou City direction had an accident. When what a pity, he to Federation sounds the caution, Federation cannot promptly process, had the occurrence of Heaven Dou City massacre.</p>

<p>„Is very intense? Is where?” Ya Li pursues asks.</p>

<p>The Yun Ming brow is tight, then shook the head, „is very intense, but is also very strange, my feel ill-at-ease suddenly suddenly weak, is unable to take one's bearings, where cannot feel is appear(ance) the issue. This was too strange. Is the disaster?”</p>

<p>Ya Li is also the brow tight wrinkle, „disaster? Doesn't the direction have?”</p>

<p>Yun Ming shook the head, „temporarily did not have. But feeling intense time is actually unprecedented, in other words, if there is disaster to occur, that also will be the unprecedented catastrophe.”</p>

<p>Ya Li holds breath cold air, can make Yun Ming say that it can be imagined this will have the possibility appear(ance) disaster to be fearful. Her sinking sound track: „That what to do?”</p>

<p>Yun Ming said: „Only can warn to Federation, believes after previous lesson, this time they should be have reaction. Meanwhile, you issue the Shrek command, notifies Inner Court disciple that all Shrek graduate, told them my sensation, making them guard carefully, once there is not a good omen, can request reinforcements to the Academy aspect.”</p>

<p>„Good. Can hold the Sea God Pavilion conference?” Ya Li asked.</p>

<p>Yun Ming shook the head, „first does not want. After all I did not have the means to confirm, since present realm, my own strength receives Tianwei suppression unusual is intense, does not remove the sensation to meet the appear(ance) wrong possibility. But is careful a point always right.”</p>

<p>Because already could not feel God Realm existence, since achieves Limit Douluo realm , after is Demi-God stage, Yun Ming meets the appear(ance) absent-minded feeling frequently, as if can feel anything, as if anything is unable to feel.</p>

<p>More to this stage, actually more is to inquire into that God Realm where, to disappear from the scene, is how.</p>

<p>Therefore, his cultivate is the sun has to do, therefore, he does not remove own to be disturbed by the sun. But feeling of that feel ill-at-ease actually throughout existence.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sobers from meditation, immediately thinks to be refreshing, the whole body has a carefree feeling beyond description.</p>

<p>Since Martial Soul two times awaken, after adding on again two big vortex systems take shape, his cultivate speed can with ten thousand li in a day describe. Daily cultivate, he felt that obviously own will progress.</p>

<p>Not only this in the Soul Power aspect, various cultivation method is also so, for example Purple Demon Eyes. After his bloodline energy vortex take shape, this Purple Demon Eyes cultivate speed has promoted three times. Had achieved him who the bottleneck is very difficult to promote, actually obviously felt that in this time Purple Demon Eyes has progressive, his Spiritual Strength was promoting speed before be quicker.</p>

<p>---------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>