<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="843">#843: Life Tide</h2>
<p>Besides six originally, but also were many Old Devil. This appearance seems somewhat funny, the small eye and big nose, the big mouth branch, the chin is particularly long, some body rickets. But when his appear(ance), other six Old Devil actually very natural standing in his below first place.</p>

<p>„Life Tide how suddenly appear(ance), Boss?” Disillusioned Old Devil asked to new appear(ance) the old man anxiously.</p>

<p>The old man shook the head, brow tight wrinkle, „I do not know that is any situation, I in suppression Ruin energy, Ruin energy had weakened suddenly, then Life Tide along with it appear(ance). Was different from the past feeling. Normally, Life Tide will have the feeling in the appear(ance) beforehand ten years, it will promote gradually, until blowouts finally. But this time Life Tide does not have any sign. Goes to put that several kids, making them receive the Life Tide baptism, their luck are really good. Can catch up with Life Tide, this is the big chance.”</p>

<p>„I go!” Nightmare Old Devil hurries to say.</p>

<p>„Wait / Etc., Life Tide direction.” The obese old man said suddenly.</p>

<p>„Is his there?” Disillusioned Old Devil also immediately realizes.</p>

<p>„What situation?” Is the first old man sinking sound asks.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil said: „Is that Tang Wulin, after he since enters depth meditation, had three months. Life Tide energy not likely from the Ruin Fragment(s) surroundings eruption, but starts from his meditation place, is quite strange.”</p>

<p>„Isn't Life Tide that his depth meditation initiates? How is this possible?” A Loathing Old Devil face does not dare to believe.</p>

<p>Numerous position Old Devil look at each other in blank diamay, mind big quake.</p>

<p>Since they come here, had Thousand Years time, they also self-examined have basically found out all sorts of situations and rules on entire Devil Island. But each time when situation that appear(ance) does not conform to the rule, means that they the understanding Devil Island will be more profound.</p>

<p>Although they by energy shape existence, but as here protector, can understand that here all of course are most important.</p>

<p>„In the past had a look!” Is the first old man big hand wields, on seven Old Devil simultaneously ray of light dodges, the next quarter, all vanished.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not know that the outside had anything, he felt that own body surroundings Life energy is getting more and more rich, looks like a big cocoon equally his gable.</p>

<p>That feeling is marvelous, was unable to breathe obviously, but he thinks the body unprecedented comfort.</p>

<p>What his own cannot see, in his body surface, ring of light has shone slowly. It is not Blue Silver Emperor Soul Ring, is not golden-colored ring of light that Golden Dragon King bloodline brings, but is that green-gold ring of light.</p>

<p>green-gold ring of light is sparkling strange halo, initially when he just had this green-gold ring of light, regardless of he will pour into many Soul Power by clean of Devour, will be with the help of Sky Raising Douluo, once inspiring of short time.</p>

<p>To Soul Skill that this ring of light brings, Tang Wulin gives the name that it gives to be called: Child of Nature.</p>

<p>At this moment, this Fifth Soul Ring halo was more radiant than any time in the past, the rich Life strength and surroundings that Life Tide energy its oneself sent out complemented one another, complements each other fresh splendor.</p>

<p>Devil Island in the Life Tide process starts slight(ly) is trembling, the distant place, in sea, various Sea Soul Beast come in swarms, subconscious is circling the reciprocation regarding Devil Island. More and more Sea Soul Beast catch up, joins to this team, feels the rich Life strength to take to the own advantage.</p>

<p>The consciousness of Tang Wulin immerses in Life aura gradually, he discovered with amazement, illusory picture appear(ance) in his mind deep place.</p>

<p>He saw nine color variegated photospheres, that photosphere glittering the marvelous brilliance, halo is and out, each ray of light glittering, gives the feeling that the human a mind sublimates.</p>

<p>Then, that photosphere increases suddenly gradually, becomes more and more greatly, was bigger than before the several fold. Indistinct , the photosphere became transparent, has thinned like its semblance.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin can see that in photosphere that increases, really has the fog to be faintly recognizable, has Mountains and Rivers Rivers Flow. Extremely strange.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, powerful ash-gray air current came from the distant place, that air current is extremely huge, blots out the sky, covers in which all within his field of vision range completely, naturally also includes that photosphere.</p>

<p>ray of light on photosphere starts rapidly glittering, each glittering, photosphere's energy fierce shivering, slight cracks will start appear(ance), as if under sweeping across of that air current, the photosphere wanted to shatter.</p>

<p>But also at this time, photosphere surface suddenly appear(ance) marvelous Transformation, two groups of Light and Shadow appear(ance). One group is green, one group is purple. Two groups of Light and Shadow fuse in together, take shape piece of marvelous halo, halo is white, it the entire nine color photosphere all gables, the fissure will have closed, nine color photospheres reduce, internal all gradually do not look clearly, but it does not have to shatter eventually.</p>

<p>But terrifying the huge ash-gray air current sweeps across, leads unceasing trembling of that nine color photospheres in shivering, then integrates in that ash-gray air current to be curled the launching to be far.</p>

<p>Why does not know, sees here, sadness inexplicable raises in the Tang Wulin moral nature deep place, at this moment, he only wants to cry out loud that holds that photosphere.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, three ray of light suddenly enlarge in his field of vision, two ray of light separately are purple and green, but with formerly protected the photosphere compared with that purple and green, these two ray of light want weak many. They in the line of sight of Tang Wulin gradually become in each other collision clear.</p>

<p>That unexpectedly is two forms, but they seem are such illusory, can see indistinctly, the purple form seems a man, but the green form is a female, they always attempt to hold each other, actually cannot achieve.</p>

<p>Finally, during another collision, the purple form broke up, changes into innumerable purple fragment(s) in broken bits to scatter in all directions to flutter about, but that green form as if exudes one to call out in grief, her oneself also breaks up, selects point green ray of light to fly to shoot, had found these purple fragment(s), changes into just likes Vine general green energy Bind comes up, grazes.</p>

<p>Third ray of light also at this moment becomes clear, that is one group of golden-colored ray of light, when Tang Wulin sees it, only thought that the own heartbeat suddenly becomes fierce, intense sad and desolate also along with it floating heart.</p>

<p>That [gold/metal] enlarges before him suddenly, the next quarter, all pictures completely vanished.</p>

<p>The body of Tang Wulin is shivering, mind is shivering, for a very long time is unable to restrain oneself.</p>

<p>Has not known long time, he gradually returned to normal, Life and Ruin, this is Life and Ruin flavor.</p>

<p>That purple as if represents Ruin, green is representing Life, what that golden-colored is ray of light representing?</p>

<p>Ruin and Creation are protecting together what is the photosphere?</p>

<p>Although probably was only very short time, may regarding Tang Wulin, passed a century to be so remote likely.</p>

<p>He can feel obviously in own mind were many anything, but his own also cannot hold. Actually could not clarify to have anything.</p>

<p>Grows the tone, opens eyes slowly. Tang Wulin then surprised seeing, green and purple halo regarding in own body surroundings, is diverging slowly.</p>

<p>His body all normal, felt that during does not have what different place. But in his mind has a marvelous feeling indistinctly. In regards with rapt attention, he discovered with amazement that in own that take shape soon Soul Power vortex center, were just many something.</p>

<p>That is two small luminous spots, one is green, one is purple, they revolve mutually, slow revolving.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin wants to attempt to feel their existence, when his consciousness enters to that green and purple luminous spot surroundings, spiritual appear(ance) short absent-minded, will then unable to see clearly all instantaneously.</p>

<p>Little leans, after the sensation restores, sees as before is that two luminous spots.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>Life and do Ruin bring? But, why can they appear(ance) in the own body? own within the body has Golden Dragon King bloodline, has Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power, but also insufficiently lively?</p>

<p>Most critically, Tang Wulin cannot affirm completely that are actually many these energy in the own body is good is bad.</p>

<p>Somewhat speechless, Tang Wulin shaking the head of gently, then once more opening eyes pupil.</p>

<p>„, You......” this time actually frightened her to jump, because seven eyes been dumbfounded regarding in his surroundings, careful was looking steadily at him.</p>

<p>Besides he has seen six Old Devil, but also were many, this happen to stands in his dead ahead.</p>

<p>„Life Tide, Ruin Tide unexpectedly simultaneously appear(ance), moreover was inspired by you, said quickly that actually you have done what?” The old men asked anxiously.</p>

  </body>
</html>