<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="816">#816: All charges</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin has experience that had formerly charged, strength of assault that Ruin the frontage withstands is most intense. Without a doubt, he must keep off in forefront, but other people must withstand from assault in all directions. At this time, his Golden Dragon Frantic Domain will take an important role, in addition needs eye Star-time Chains. Under numerous in addition holds, should be able to make them go through the difficulty.</p>

<p>After one hour, all person preparations finished.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Steamed Stuffed Bun takes well, listening to me to order to eat again. Preparation.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he own Golden Dragon Spear horizontally before the body, lance point outward.</p>

<p>All people put on Battle Armor, the Tang Wulin sinking sound shouted to clear the way: „To!” At the same time was saying, he pushed to the front to clash.</p>

<p>Star-time Chains rapid all people link. Tang Wulin has not actually used Golden Dragon Frantic Domain in first time, because the Domain consumption is too big, the earlier period could not have used.</p>

<p>What Yuan En Yehui uses is Fallen Angel changes body, but is not defense strength stronger Great Titan Ape changes the body, reason that so, Tang Wulin has the consideration. If Great Titan Ape changes the body, assault that in the volume too big situation, Yuan En Yehui receives will be also bigger, instead might as well change the body with Fallen Angel, has own to keep off in front, assault that everybody withstands will be smaller.</p>

<p>Had experience, quick that Tang Wulin clashes. He has blocked directly that terrifying energy. But that energy is everywhere, from all directions assault their bodies.</p>

<p>All people promote own Soul Power, in the Le Zhengyu hand Holy Sword wields, besides Yuan En Yehui, several other people were all many Holy Light. Although next quarter Holy Light on to shatter, but can resist the flash to be always good.</p>

<p>In the Ye Xinglan hand Star Divine Sword wields, selects point starlight to wield the powder to all around, that starlight also fast similarly to shatter, can only reduce some pressures slightly.</p>

<p>All person various show its energies, suppress that to own tears into shreds the pain, follows close on behind clashes before Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Because there is Star-time Chains existence, therefore Tang Wulin can feel everybody's consumption clearly, Ruin energy assault on the body, they are the average consumption. Although Tang Wulin own in front, when charge him consumes to be much bigger.</p>

<p>At this time cannot save. The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, under foot ring of light shines, the Golden Dragon Frantic Domain release, his body instantaneously was also inflating three meters.</p>

<p>Three meters high body compared with formerly wanted majestic many, has blocked overwhelming majority energy assault, speed also along with it speeding up. Other Shrek Seven Monsters six people obtain on Tang Wulin to send out the energy in addition to hold, the pain reduced immediately.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Spear shakes, the Golden Dragon Ascends The Heavens opening, the spirited dragon roar sound counter-balances Ruin aura that is flushing directly, his body also starts fiercely is shivering.</p>

<p>Every time goes forward a step pressure to promote, but the present is withstanding of seven people.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hands over the left hand Golden Dragon Spear, whole body scales Great Release of Rays of Light, right hand Golden Dragon Claw springs, Golden Dragon Fearful Claw wields outrageously, but before what is different, time that his Golden Dragon Fearful Claw wields, Golden Dragon Claw as if illusory glittering, that flash, Golden Dragon Claw in fact has completed consecutively nine times wielding.</p>

<p>This was Golden Dragon in Golden Dragon Nine Styles searches the claw, Tang Wulin searches the claw and own Golden Dragon Fearful Claw Golden Dragon of Ancestral Master instruction unifies, originally creates this type Golden Dragon dead out, the front air was torn into shreds instantaneously, the strength of these Ruin also came in an instant to shatter. The strength of Tang Wulin Qi and Blood fierce feeble.</p>

<p>„Bean Paste Bun and Crystal Bun, eat!” He explodes to drink one, Golden Dragon Spear punctures suddenly, Golden Dragon Soars!</p>

<p>Dies out to break spatial with the aid of Golden Dragon, again before Golden Dragon Soars instantaneous clashes, he quite therefore gave companion to open passageway.</p>

<p>The people full speed follow up at the same time, ate Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun and Hard Crystal Bun.</p>

<p>Outside everyone Battle Armor rapid appear(ance) crystalline lens, have been isolating the strength of outside Ruin.</p>

<p>Hard Crystal Bun Tang Wulin is also first time eats, the effect is much stronger than the imagination, felt that on looked like the whole body were also many armor piece, although that Ruin energy was also decomposing Crystal Body, but actually decompose themselves to protect to be much slower than directly.</p>

<p>In Golden Dragon Frantic Domain and Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun add on under the function of Hard Crystal Bun, the people felt that pressure relief, All-Out initiates the charge.</p>

<p>Food System Soul Master early fighting strength is weakest, the amplification was also well below that these have the amplification directly Soul Master. But with cultivation for the promotion, Food System Soul Master ability gradually will appear. Their amplifications are more direct, side effect is smaller , to continue time longer. Moreover not broken danger.</p>

<p>Food System Soul Master be more difficult than Auxiliary System Soul Master cultivate, they need more vigorous Soul Power to promote , but once Food System Soul Master is the certain extent, his function must certainly above Auxiliary System Soul Master.</p>

<p>„Puff!” The feeling of instantaneously blowing off made Tang Wulin spiritual inspire, this has proven, before he saw that old man was is not having a dream.</p>

<p>Other people are also felt that whole body one light, the next quarter, their appear(ance) in valley that Tang Wulin once had been.</p>

<p>The pressure reduces suddenly, surge Life energy that in addition instantaneously is used, makes everyone in gulps pant for breath. Also revealed the color of feeling relaxed.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin gold helmet gold armor, grasps Golden Dragon Spear to stand in the front line. Because before other people, has not replied Soul Power, at this time appears very exhausted.</p>

<p>In this time, Tang Wulin was seeing a black clothed old man, similarly is the beard and hair is all white, but before does not have , that he sees seems that genial, the look is cloudy, aquiline nose, double hand back after behind, let somebody cool off or calm down visits them.</p>

<p>„older generation(s), hello.” Tang Wulin takes back Golden Dragon Spear, nods to that old man.</p>

<p>The old men have a look at him, is having a look at him behind is panting for breath the people, waves, „comes with me.” His sounds/voices sounds somewhat outwardly submissive but inwardly evil-hearted high-pitched and fine, how to make people think a little irritable.</p>

<p>„Yes!” Tang Wulin beckons, bringing companion to hurry with coming up.</p>

<p>The unhappiness that the black clothed old man walks, route is the same with that former Tang Wulin walks, arrived here again, observes all around, Tang Wulin to distant place that was saying that the feeling of purple-black ray of light was more profound.</p>

<p>Although this place has filled with the thick vitality, but distant place that huge purple-black light beam actually as before gives people the intense sense of fear. That is full of the Ruin aura flavor scared, is completely subconscious, not by own Control fear.</p>

<p>Other Shrek Seven Monsters six people to are also observing, is revealing the curious color. Is this their trip of destinations of? Although has been through repeatedly hard and dangerously, but finally.</p>

<p>Across woods, black clothed old man led them to arrive at a stretch of open area to stop.</p>

<p>„Knows why you come to here are?” The black clothed old man light [say / way].</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Academy makes us come to take military service, is military training.”</p>

<p>The black clothed old man has smiled suddenly, he smiles, the wrinkle on face as if must fold puts together, strangeness that could not say.</p>

<p>„Right, is military training. The military training content is very simple, so long as does not collapse, you can stay here, most two years. In this period, so long as your Mental Breakdown, will have packed off, leaves here. Therefore, the kids, you strove for fortunately. Introduced your own.”</p>

<p>Mental Breakdown? Hears these four characters, the Tang Wulin seven people do not have the reason feels the moral nature one cold.</p>

<p>„I am Captain Tang Wulin, Five Rings Soul King. One Word Battle Armor Master.”</p>

<p>„Ye Xinglan, Five Rings Soul King, One Word Battle Armor Master.”</p>

<p>„Yuan En Yehui, Five Rings Soul King, One Word Battle Armor Master.”</p>

<p>„Xie Xie, Five Rings Soul King, One Word Battle Armor Master.”</p>

<p>„Xu Lizhi, Five Rings Soul King, One Word Battle Armor Master.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>-----------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>