<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="899">#899: Holy Spirit Cures</h2>
<p>Mu Ye saw that he similarly is also excited, the personal appearance dodges, arrived in front of Tang Wulin, has given him a big hug.</p>

<p>„Good, I have also thought that outstanding disciple that Innate Body Sect Thousand Years does not meet on such Fallen. Luckily, you are also living.”</p>

<p>Besides Ya Li also has Gu Yue that loses recalls, other people naturally know Mu Ye. Goes forward to salute.</p>

<p>„Good, entered the room to say again.”</p>

<p>This stone house, even if looked from the satellite, because looks like to return with the surroundings mountain massif is neglected. After they enter the stone building, the discovery is different.</p>

<p>Behind the stone building directly enters the mountain massif, mountain massif, there is quite not small spatial. At least ten several cultivate for not weak Soul Master here, some characteristics from them can see, these are Innate Body Sect Soul Master.</p>

<p>„Teacher(s), my Senior Teacher he now how?” Tang Wulin asked.</p>

<p>Mu Ye said: „Situation is stable, sign that but has not changed for the better. act , is Evil Soul Master of close Limit Douluo rank. If not your Senior Teacher this Three Word Battle Armor, perhaps he hung. Walks, I lead you to have a look.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin changes Holy Spirit Douluo, „Aunt Ya Li, you......”</p>

<p>Is Ya Li makes them call like this, but did not call Your Excellency again.</p>

<p>„Um.” Ya Li nodded.</p>

<p>Mu Ye looked at her one eyes, looks at Ya Li complexion, in the heart sighs one darkly, has not said anything, when guides in front first.</p>

<p>Place that Zhen Hua heals from a wound in mid-hill, static lying down on stone bed he, the eyes gold coin, complexion piece of pale white, surface layer the face, green aura is partly visible, making in the entire stone chamber appear somewhat gloomy.</p>

<p>Mu Ye sinking sound track: „Battle Armor to Four Word this stage, itself had the intelligence of considerable degree, even can be said as a second body of Soul Master is not overrated. Now the Zhen Hua situation, was his Battle Armor helps him seal up the important region of body, has blocked the Evil Spirit attack reluctantly. But this Evil Spirit is extremely formidable, I have tried many means that was nearly hit into the body by them, has to give up. By his Four Word Battle Armor mighty energy , can only most make him maintain under this equilibrium state now. But how time grew anyone unable to reach an agreement.”</p>

<p>Ya Li arrives at the Zhen Hua bedside, sees the green air current on Zhen Hua face, in her look were finally many several points of appearance. Soul Ring raise from the under foot slowly. Gradually strengthens with her Sacred aura, gloomy aura in stone chamber dissipated immediately.</p>

<p>But along with the release of Martial Soul, the body of her own as if also obtained moistening, the withered appearance restored the outstandingly beautiful appearance, Mu Ye that the command stands looked one dull.</p>

<p>The Soul Ring ray of light sparkle, the Ya Li body sends out gentle white light, covers on your Zhen Hua, these gentle white light are such as the silk drills into Zhen Hua within the body like the wisp first, then, above his body, white vortex started appear(ance).</p>

<p>In the green air current of his within the body, such as wisp of attracting by such as the silk was absorbed stubbornly immediately given that white vortex, vanishes in white light quietly.</p>

<p>The sad and shrill howling starts appear(ance), that as if is really resentful spirit(s) in roaring to roar, may in front of that white vortex, these resentful spirit(s) roaring sounds be getting more and more weak.</p>

<p>One group takes one group of green photospheres to be attracted to absorb from Zhen Hua within the body, and was twisted broken in white vortex, vanishes. Zhen Hua complexion also starts to change for the better gradually.</p>

<p>Mu Ye surprised looks at Ya Li is the Zhen Hua treatment, in the heart shocks. Fluctuates he to feel from Ya Li aura that this is Super Rank Douluo stage Soul Master! Moreover, Ya Li is not ordinary Super Rank Douluo, but is Cure System Super Rank Douluo.</p>

<p>What does this mean? At least in his impression, but also has never seen this stage Cure System Soul Master.</p>

<p>Cure System wants cultivate not to know that to Titled Douluo is difficult, let alone was Super Rank Douluo.</p>

<p>Let alone Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li Soul Ring rank is quite not weak, enough two Soul Ring present is red, other Soul Ring all are black. Even if Mu Ye own, had also been inferior on Soul Ring stage.</p>

<p>This isn't certainly low in the Shrek Academy status?</p>

<p>After the last group of green photospheres were attracted absorbs, the Ya Li look instead becomes dignified, at this moment, golden-colored ray of light sparkles from her, first is extend of pair of huge golden-colored Wings from her comes, golden-colored armor starts to reappear, proliferates the whole body rapidly, covers her whole person completely.</p>

<p>golden-colored ring of light appear(ance) in her, in that golden-colored ring of light, is the pattern composition of another piece by piece golden-colored feather shape. Its appear(ance), the entire stone chamber was all shone upon golden-colored, beforehand sweeps away gloomily, in the meantime, in the entire room has filled Sacred aura.</p>

<p>The resonant hymn resounds, singing sound reverberation, could not say delightful interesting to listen. Presents everyone to have the mind washed feeling.</p>

<p>On Ya Li were many a imperial crown, the imperial crown peak, three Little Angel are dancing lightly. Her right hand lifts, a handle shining scepter falls into the palm. aura of whole person promoted company Mu Ye instantaneously also stage that wanted Lofty Mountains to admire greatly.</p>

<p>„Four Word Battle Armor!”</p>

<p>Presents all people are first time saw that this Holy Spirit Douluo All-Out to go to releases Battle Armor and Martial Soul. Her aura is no doubt formidable, does not have any oppression strength, instead made everyone have the feeling that Soul sublimated.</p>

<p>The finger of scepter on toward Zhen Hua, immediately, the skin of Zhen Hua whole person turned into purple unexpectedly. Then these purple start to swarm to gush out, changes into a huge purple Skeleton head in the air. Roars toward Ya Li.</p>

<p>Ya Li eyes changed into Sacred golden-colored similarly, in eyes fills was indifferent and angry, „Holy Spirit!”</p>

<p>Scepter peak of radiant golden light (Jin Guang) from her hand projects together, on purple Skeleton the purple light puts greatly, has actually insisted the flash, to shatter in that Holy Light and purification.</p>

<p>But is full of the Evil thought also to reverberate in the stone chamber along with it, „hasn't Holy Spirit died?”</p>

<p>golden light (Jin Guang) restraining, Ya Li Four Word Battle Armor also restrains into the body, powerful aura of her whole person vanished, what strange is, her grey white long hair turned into black, the look also fully restored beautiful. Life strength that before consumed, as if with her Martial Soul release self-recovery.</p>

<p>In fact, to Ya Li this stage, when she releases own Four Word Battle Armor, cultivates to can also reach Limit Douluo that level similarly. Takes this to cultivate, even to die is not easy, let alone was the Life strength passes.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua complexion returned to normal, moreover gradually becomes ruddy, all gloomy aura all vanish.</p>

<p>Mu Ye shocking look Ya Li, has a look at Zhen Hua again, then serious [say / way]: „Many thanks Your Excellency.”</p>

<p>Ya Li is only shaking the head of gently, then arrives at the one side, her look becomes the delay gets up. Just like good-for-nothing.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin they thought that Zhen Hua also needs time to restore, lies down on stone bed Divine Craftsman unexpectedly grows the tone, has opened a pupil slowly.</p>

<p>Has saying that in treatment, Holy Spirit Douluo absolutely is present age first.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua sits to set out, has a look at own, has a look at Tang Wulin and Mu Ye again, surprised [say / way]: „Was I good? That Evil Spirit......”</p>

<p>Here, he saw nearby Holy Spirit Douluo, hurried to get out of bed, respectful [say / way]: „Holy Spirit Your Excellency.”</p>

<p>Ya Li looked at his one eyes, but nods the head slightly, has not said anything.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua returned to normal the state of mind, he knows that own can restore to come, without a doubt is this act at present, but he can also be able to see from the Ya Li look that this greatly was attacked inevitably.</p>

<p>-------------------------------</p>

<p>Don't be anxious everybody., slowly looks. The darkest before dawn, broken then stands. In fact, Shrek Academy underwent the development of Twenty-thousand Years, early has achieved the bottleneck. Moreover, many concealed wiring cloths, the following plot bit by bit belt will come out. What I cannot the play pass future Shrek am, what can say, future Shrek, will certainly take to everybody to be pleasantly surprised.</p>

  </body>
</html>