<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="804">#804: North Sea Corps base</h2>
<p>North Sea Corps has certainly person who Shrek Academy comes out, but Shrek takes to the graduating cadet first point, is the high starting point.</p>

<p>If a graduate enlistment of Shrek Academy, is always impossible only to be a big end of soldier. At least impossible is the big end of soldier. Otherwise, he did not have qualifications to graduate from Shrek Academy.</p>

<p>So long as there is a human, that was easy to do. As for the excuse, among the Tang Wulin intention phonographs has thought.</p>

<p>...</p>

<p>North Sea Corps, built before 1600 Hundred Year, is a Douluo Continent Federation time-honored organization system. North Sea Corps itself has strong naval battle and air fight ability. The regiment manages three divisions, separately is the North Sea aviation fight master, the North Sea Marine divisions as well as the North Sea Fleet.</p>

<p>And, what largest is the North Sea Fleet, they have ships more than 30, is stationed in the North Sea Corps free harbor. This resists the Sea Soul Beast main force. Because Sea Soul Beast of North Sea sea area is almost the Douluo Continent peripheral sea area is strongest, therefore the equipment of North Sea Fleet, in all navies is also strongest. Do not look at North Sea City not to have the harbor wharf, but must discuss fighting strength, the North Sea Fleet must certainly strong in the Eastsea fleet. Some ultra specification weapons, here has the equipment.</p>

<p>The North Sea Fleet altogether has the combatants more than 12,000 people, various auxiliary work personnel reach more than 30,000 people.</p>

<p>But the North Sea aviation fight master has various aircraft more than 70, besides aircraft, special High-speed reaction army, is the Mecha army. Federation air force strength is by Mecha and fighter aircraft coordination with each other, is divided into many branch of the services.</p>

<p>The North Sea Marine divisions mainly in view of the ground operation, particularly battle to the sea, the primary equipment massive heavy weapons, like the seashore defense system of North Sea City, are all completed by the North Sea Marine divisions. Well-equipped, is good at to Sea Soul Beast defense.</p>

<p>Is primarily combatants with the army regiment generally, a regiment is probably different in three and 40,000 people. Because North Sea Corps needs massive auxiliary staff, entire regiment adds, has 80,000 people fully. Is big regiment that deserves. The military rank of North Sea Corps military officer, compared with regiment high Half Rank with on stage also because of so.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin and companion have gotten down Car Rental, was shocked by all of distant place.</p>

<p>Has Car Rental to place to be away from the North Sea Corps base them about one kilometer place, because forwards again, was the military control area.</p>

<p>North Sea Corps gives their first impression does not look at the boundary.</p>

<p>Looks to North Sea Corps from their location place that the regiment surrounding does not have the wall, is the big wire netting, has dozens meters high fully. Said accurately that is an electrical network. Any life form contacts, can by the high-voltage baptism.</p>

<p>Can see that the large-scale military vehicle passes and out from the entrance, looks into a farther place, in the base, can see anchoring some aircraft, then also has many them unable to name the character the military installation.</p>

<p>„It seems good. I suddenly thought that Boss said that he must become a soldier in the future is a very good choice!” Xie Xie somewhat excitedly said.</p>

<p>Man Inborn has to yearn to the military, since Soul Guidance Technology development, has made the weapon very formidable. Even if most Top Rank Soul Master, when facing that type can the to destroy the heavens and exterminate the land Soul Guidance weapon, does not dare the frontage to touch hardly.</p>

<p>Formidable military strength is all safeguards, Federation such has also done.</p>

<p>Entire Douluo Federation has the standing army 2 million, six greater military areas, North Sea Corps subordinates in Northeast Military District, is in the Northeast Military District three regiments the strongest sea and air regiment.</p>

<p>„Walks, we pass. Nature that everybody displays on line.” Tang Wulin walks in the forefront, on the face is having the smile, other people follow behind him. On the people besides simple Soul Guidance Storing Device, has not carried anything.</p>

<p>Yuan En that also receives to some Great Hammer of breakage in Soul Guidance Storing Device.</p>

<p>Has not waited for them to approach the North Sea Corps base main entrance, had been blocked by one team of patrol soldiers.</p>

<p>„Halts, the restricted area, is far away.” The patrol soldier is drives, obviously was in the base already discovered them.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin goes forward two, said: „Hello, we are the Shrek Academy students, is carrying on to gain experience task. The task goal of Academy arrangement is carries on one time to teach to the expensive regiment especially. Whether to trouble you to notify for us.”</p>

<p>„Shrek Academy? We have not received any notice.” The patrol soldier is not obviously good to coax.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, resigned-looking [say / way]: „If has the notification, that this was not Test. In fact, Academy requests us to come to carry on teaches especially, has not actually given us any help, how to enter expensive military training to practice, this wants our own to try to find the solution. But you also saw, what means can we have? Only can such come, walks the proper way to inquire directly, whether can arrange us to teach especially.”</p>

<p>The patrol soldier eyebrow has selected selecting, „are really you Shrek Academy? How to show?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „proof? This is actually easy.” At the same time was saying, he has given a hand signal to companion, next one flickers, seven people simultaneously released their Martial Soul.</p>

<p>Seven people simultaneously release Martial Soul, and in the situation that the Soul Ring quantity is the certain extent shocks. Especially in one crowd is only in front of the soldier of average person.</p>

<p>When the soldiers on patrol car see in Soul Ring that in front of own blooms, particularly in the Soul Ring stage quite not low situation, they stare in a big way the eye.</p>

<p>Five, all are Five Rings!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and his companion are maintaining a complete triangle battlefield. Tang Wulin in the forefront, he behind is three people of one row, the both sides separately are Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan, the middle is Xu Xiaoyan. Behind them is also three people of one row, the both sides are Le Zhengyu and Xie Xie, central Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>Although has not been at the battle condition, but they are maintaining the lineup of fight, this is the became a habit nature issue. Especially in the former once facing Evil Soul Master in that passive the situation, their this drove North Sea City, on the road does not have little discusses everybody's coordinate question.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stands in the front line, body Five Soul Rings three purple, one black, one green. Said accurately is green-gold.</p>

<p>Even if the soldiers are not Soul Master, when they see Tang Wulin green Soul Ring, as before surprised dumbfoundedness. But on Shrek Seven Monsters, they have not seen purple following stage Soul Ring. This means any without a doubt.</p>

<p>Five Rings, seven Five Rings Soul King. Moreover these young people seem on about 20 -year-old appearances! But the soldiers on patrol car, the age and they are almost the same.</p>

<p>Envies and envies all sorts of mood is almost instantaneously on appear(ance) in these soldiers hearts. Is everybody person of same age, the disparity so is big?</p>

<p>The responsible soldier on patrol car has swallowed saliva, is returning to normal the mood, then takes up own military Soul Guide Communication Device, puts through the communication.</p>

<p>The military Soul Guide Communication Device most major characteristics are civil completely separated, above does not have the function of digit dialing, each button is representing a specific telephone conversation object, therefore this soldier has pressed, immediately puts through.</p>

<p>„Report, discovered that seven suspicious personnel, they said that from the Shrek Academy student, wants to enter the base to participate in the training. The complete seven people are Five Rings Soul King stage Soul Master, the age probably are at about 20 years old. Please instruct.”</p>

<p>Listens attentively to the order that Soul Guide Communication Device has transmitted slightly, the soldier said immediately: „Yes!”</p>

<p>Hangs up the communication, his vision somewhat strange looks at the Tang Wulin seven people, said: „Invited to wait a bit, will immediately have the car(riage) to meet you.” -</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>