<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="819">#819: Na'er?</h2>
<p>Ye Xinglan watched the weather, „already a day. What to do should we then?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin thinks that said: „Anything does not do, keeps here cultivate, our, besides Lizhi, their one group, is responsible for guarding. Other people on meditation cultivate, considered close up here. This place Life aura is so rich, has very big advantage regarding our cultivate.”</p>

<p>The people nod in abundance, they felt. Although beforehand experienced inhuman suffering, but in this place cultivate, truly has the twice the result with half the effort effect. Life energy in air is most pure Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, complements one another with the characteristics that Mysterious Heaven Skill grows continually, when cultivate compared with the effect in Academy is better obviously.</p>

<p>Some Xu Lizhi fear [say / way]: „That Nightmare isn't Old Devil easy to let off us?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sinking sound track: „Is ready to cope with anything to resist by whatever means available. Everybody has remembered, we do not eat here thing as far as possible, does not drink here water. The potable water that we bring is saving using. First watches changes quietly, they also will certainly have any movement. If we moved first, was very easy to be swindled in this completely strange place. Therefore we must wait for them first act .”</p>

<p>„Good!”</p>

<p>The people comply with one separately, starts cultivate respectively.</p>

<p>The calm of Tang Wulin has given everybody not the small confidence.</p>

<p>„Well, what is that?” Xie Xie has referred to the front suddenly.</p>

<p>The light yellow mist wells up slowly toward them, not only the frontage, this yellow mist from comes in all directions.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to shout to clear the way: „Holds the breath. Everybody was careful.”</p>

<p>The new pattern came.</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, Tang Wulin has given a hand signal to Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui Soul Ring ray of light glittering, has released immediately own Great Titan Ape Martial Soul. The double fist brandishes, bunch of Air Artillery rumble toward all around, as far as possible scatters these yellow mist.</p>

<p>But at this moment, under their bodies also surges massive yellow mist, completely covers in which their seven people directly.</p>

<p>The flash before stupor, in the Tang Wulin mind the consciousness of appear(ance) is, should not stay in this place, because this place is also Nightmare Old Devil leads them to come!</p>

<p>Seven people fell to the ground slowly softly, quick fell into the comatose condition.</p>

<p>yellow mist diverges, two forms arrive at side them.</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil over the face wears a smile, Nightmare Old Devil as before is a face is also mean.</p>

<p>„One group of kids, but also wants to play the mind with us. Hey! Let you know and know fiercely.” Saying that Nightmare Old Devil lets somebody cool off or calm down.</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil said: „Good, good. You quickly. Let us have a look, in these kids hearts is thinking anything.”</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin sobers, he discovers own as before also in same place, but companion vanished.</p>

<p>Stands up from failure, he jumps rapidly, on the face revealed the dignified color.</p>

<p>He started somewhat to suspect now that this is Academy makes them come to the military training place really? How all are passing strangely . Moreover, that any Nightmare Old Devil does not train in view of the method that they use likely, likely is only suffering them.</p>

<p>Is Devil Island, actually what kind of place?</p>

<p>„” A scream made Tang Wulin hit to tremble smartly spirit. The squeal is very familiar, should be the person of understanding, but is actually not one of the Shrek Seven Monsters.</p>

<p>Is who?</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin quick release own Battle Armor and Golden Dragon Spear, in this strange place, he must hit 12 spiritual to be good.</p>

<p>companion do not seek in the side . Moreover, this place is Nightmare Old Devil leads him to come, should not stay here.</p>

<p>After Tang Wulin slightly does hesitates, fast in the direction that sounds/voices transmits runs.</p>

<p>„” Is a scream transmits, but he has not directed the direction. Tang Wulin shuttles back and forth in the woods. Suddenly, the distant place, a lake presents before him.</p>

<p>The bund, a fair form is pouring in ground retreat, in the hand is also grasping slowly handle silver light glittering long spear. Her body does not have an inch wisp, seemed formerly seemed taking a bath. But before her body, a python is approaching slowly, this python height exceeds hundred meters, thickly like the water jar, the giant head seems like small house, opens the huge mouth, slowly to that young girl oppression in the past.</p>

<p>„Na'er!” Tang Wulin loses one's voice to call out in alarm, then he completely is without hesitation overran.</p>

<p>golden light (Jin Guang) dodges, Golden Dragon Soars. Among personal appearance suddenly to launch, almost kept off before the Na'er body instant.</p>

<p>Right, that grasps silver dragon spear, is Na'er. But before her body, this python, the whole body is sending out extremely terrifying might.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin face upwards to roar, without hesitation has released Golden Dragon Body, Golden Dragon Roars.</p>

<p>Receives Golden Dragon Roars assault, that python body has contracted backward, it opens the big mouth, has nipped toward Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin hand Golden Dragon Spear sweeps away, happy does not fear. Is relying on the Golden Dragon Body amplification, he promoted Peak own strength.</p>

<p>„Bang” in bang sound, the python head pulled out to strike by him one side. That python eats the pain, on the huge body scales stands erect, comes toward his Bind rapidly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin complexion sinks to congeal, the thought moves, Tyrannosaurus summon. Passes for day, Tyrannosaurus has been able to summon. Copes with this everybody, is Tyrannosaurus is most appropriate.</p>

<p>After Tyrannosaurus appear(ance), the big mouth opens, bit on the neck of that python. Struggling that the python starts to go all out, on huge body Bind Tyrannosaurus body.</p>

<p>The Tyrannosaurus most terrifying place lies in its formidable linking strength, was bitten by Tyrannosaurus, basically has been doomed the result.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has turned round, actually stayed.</p>

<p>Na'er is a young girl, was not initially that little girl. Her both hands are not enough to protect the body interesting part completely. time, Tang Wulin only thinks steam to rush on.</p>

<p>He hurries to nip the tip of tongue, lets the own sober several points diligently, then takes off the coat rapidly, throws to Na'er, „puts on quickly.”</p>

<p>Na'er received the clothes, looks at Tang Wulin, in the beautiful pupil is the tears is graceful.</p>

<p>„Elder Brother, Elder Brother you are quite cruel-hearted, why aren't you willing to want me? Na'er where is not good, why you are not willing to want me!”</p>

<p>She does not wear the clothes, fierce throws to Tang Wulin in front, jumps into him to cherish closely grasps his body.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is been stiff by the whole body that he holds, hurries saying: „Na'er, leaves this. We tidied up that python to say first again that you also did come here military training? Why may Pavilion Master say that you do disappear?”</p>

<p>Na'er sobs to say in a low voice: „Teacher(s) does not want to let me and you in the same place, his offended. Is sent to frontier service here to come me. But, I quite think you! Elder Brother. Do not leave me to be good? Later do not leave me good?” At the same time was saying, she hugs Tang Wulin to hug was tighter.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart sighed darkly, actually does not know that should say anything was good. But can find Younger Sister, for him is a very happy matter.</p>

<p>Gently traces the Na'er long hair, „don't this, Na'er. We solved the python to say first again.”</p>

<p>Na'er said: „Elder brother, you told me first, did you elect me to elect her?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks down to Na'er, what sees is the a pair of stubborn eye pupil.</p>

<p>„Na'er, I told on that day very clearly you. I......” he just spoke of here, actually suddenly discovered that the Na'er look becomes ice-cold, a chest pain, silver light penetrated his body together.</p>

<p>„Na'er, you......”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin dull looks at Na'er, silver dragon spear in Na'er hand pierced his chest.</p>

<p>On the Na'er face full is the mean color, „why? Why don't you elect me? My anything compared with her, you actually does not elect me. Does not elect me, you die!”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, the agitation that she makes an effort silver dragon spear in hand, the fierce pain was making the Tang Wulin whole body convulsion get up, the Life strength passed rapidly.</p>

<p>„And, You are not Na'er, Na'er not like this to my!” Suddenly, the eye pupil of Tang Wulin has shone, looks at that whole face mean Na'er, „you are not Na'er, in any event, Na'er not to my act . Nightmare, Nightmare Old Devil. You are not Na'er!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin roars, right hand Golden Dragon Claw wields, Golden Dragon dies out!</p>

<p>„Puff!” Front Na'er comes to naught instantaneously, python is also. surroundings all become twist.</p>

<p>„Such strong spiritual willpower, wants to make you collapse really is not quite easy! Then, good. Then on Peak some.”</p>

<p>At present all become illusory, Tang Wulin at present one black, falls into the stupor once more.</p>

<p>When he wakes once more, discovered that own returned to the distant place. Stands up from failure to sit up, Tang Wulin subconscious traces the chest of own.</p>

<p>Without the wound, of course does not have silver dragon spear. Na'er is illusory, is Nightmare!</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. Thank You (xiexie) everybody's blessing, I strong faces all, in the booth the matter does not fear the matter. Also wished everybody Happy New Year ahead of time.</p>

  </body>
</html>