<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="850">#850: Temporarily distinguishes</h2>
<p>The Tang Wulin great happiness, can disagreement companion separate, this simply was the wonderful matter.</p>

<p>He turns head to look to Xie Xie and Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>Xie Xie is also looking at Yuan En Yehui, without a doubt, this manages strict execution fellow to look at the Yuan En Yehui choice the wife.</p>

<p>The Yuan En Yehui look suddenly becomes somewhat desolate, she shook the head, „I cannot become a soldier, after graduating, I have the important matter to do.”</p>

<p>Spoke these words, she turns around to walk suddenly. Xie Xie is stunned, then apology smiles bitterly to Tang Wulin, hurried to turn around to pursue.</p>

<p>Looks the back that they leave, Tang Wulin mutters the tunnel: „Yuan En as if has any difficulties! But she has not said.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „Should be related with her life experience. You did not think that she simultaneously does have two Top Rank Martial Soul to be very strange? Especially Fallen Angel Martial Soul, this itself should be one type is formidable, but may turn into Evil Soul Master Martial Soul. Yuan En initially was the Work Study Student status, looked like, her body should have any secret.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „They came back, we should look for Yuan En to chat. Regardless of there is any matter, we are a whole. Can help her, bounden.”</p>

<p>„Boss, we also walked.” Le Zhengyu is holding the hand of Xu Xiaoyan, waved to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan asked to Tang Wulin: „We had the destination, you? Why do you plan to go?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „I want to go to Tang Sect first, then goes to my Senior Teacher there to live in time. The tour of Devil Island, I have many realizing from experience, I want to take a look, can taking this opportunity, rush to 7th Rank Saint Craftsman Rank Blacksmith., That our manufacture Three Word Battle Armor foundation will have if successful in the future.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan eye one bright, „have you prepared for?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „feeling is a type of very marvelous thing, I currently have this type to feel in any case. As for good, only then tried to know. But has the direction of my Senior Teacher, I thought that should the issue not be big.”</p>

<p>If made other 6th Rank Blacksmith listen to his these words, corona that can perhaps be mad. Which 6th Rank Blacksmith dares saying that the own assault Saint Craftsman issue is not big! Also only then Tang Wulin dares such to do.</p>

<p>Soul Refinement is not easy to complete!</p>

<p>Entrusts with metal(s) Wisdom to entrusting with metal(s) Life is much more difficult.</p>

<p>manufacture Battle Armor, initial time what is most important is the design, is manufacture, forging is rear. But to High Rank Battle Armor time, forging actually became the most important part. Because Battle Armor promotes, first is the promotion in material quality.</p>

<p>The people now are also One Word Battle Armor, only then after the promotion is Two Word Battle Armor Master, they can graduate from Inner Court. Future Three Word Battle Armor, is they whether will become one generation of Elite important indicator.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „Your foundation has prepared to us, but promotion Battle Armor time, needs our two coordination. One month later you come back, we can start.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nods, „this is also I must strive to promote to the Saint Craftsman reason, if there is Saint Craftsman Rank forging ability, helping us promote Two Word Battle Armor to want the easy capital. Your here pressure will also reduce.”</p>

<p>„Um.” Ye Xinglan nodded, although she is the 6th Rank manufacture master, but also has the huge disparity from 7th Rank, at least 2-3 years are impossible to promote. If Tang Wulin can have the Saint Craftsman Rank forging level to coordinate her manufacture Battle Armor as foundation, that success ratio is much higher, the key will be everybody Battle Armor quality will be higher. Now the people win above 50th Rank to cultivate, is this again manufacture Battle Armor time.</p>

<p>„Good, we said goodbye in light of this.”</p>

<p>Left Soul Guide Train Station, three people said goodbye. Tang Wulin goes to Tang Sect directly.</p>

<p>Reason that must go to Tang Sect first, is he planned that Battle Soul Hall has a look, to have task that anything must complete. Left was so long, must report. Moreover, what is more important, now he is One Word Battle Armor Master, has not actually promoted the Battle Member rank of own in Battle Soul Hall. He now or White Rank Battle Member, but by the One Word Battle Armor Master strength, should be able to promote to Yellow Rank Battle Member.</p>

<p>When arrives at Tang Sect General Headquarters, Tang Wulin thinks suddenly a matter, that is own has not worn the Battle Member clothing, the own lots had been detained by Academy, in fact, but should also return to Academy really first one.</p>

<p>Leaves is so long, this matter has forgotten, including Soul Guide Communication Device, own these rare metal(s) anything, all in Academy.</p>

<p>Everybody also has as if forgotten, does not know that Xie Xie on their road thinks does not have.</p>

<p>However since arrived at Tang Sect, advanced has a look.</p>

<p>Passing through the gate, Tang Wulin surprised discovery, Tang Sect General Headquarters were more than former person today. Everybody passes and out, but also is a hurried appearance.</p>

<p>Because usually comes the Tang Sect number of times not to be many, the person who Tang Wulin knows are not many. Is walking forward, suddenly, he saw a familiar face.</p>

<p>Greatly bald, stature grandiose Hall Master Zhao walked from inside.</p>

<p>This Tang Wulin of course recognizes, initially Wu Zhangkong was leading him the time, had seen this.</p>

<p>„Hall Master Zhao.” Tang Wulin respectful salutes to him.</p>

<p>Hall Master Zhao named Zhao Song, Strength Hall Hall Master in Tang Sect Outer Three Halls.</p>

<p>Zhao Song saw that he stares slightly, „you are......”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin in the Star Luo Empire three years, after coming back, has been closing up, therefore Zhao Song also had many years not to see him. He is in the youth development period, once handsome boy turned into stature big and tall slender youth now.</p>

<p>„Hall Master Zhao, I am Tang Wulin.”</p>

<p>„Tang Wulin? Is you!” Who Zhao Song remembered him finally is, immediately said with a smile: „Many years have not seen your boy, were long such high. Good, first did not tell you, I must exit to handle matters. You go, Guo Xiaoxu.” Then, he in a hurry walked.</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu is Battle Soul Hall Hall Master, the Tang Wulin immediate superior, initially was he brings in Battle Soul Hall Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin arrives at Battle Soul Hall, in Battle Soul Hall the gate opens, inside person unexpectedly is also many. mask from the face, Yellow Rank and Purple Rank Battle Member unexpectedly is many. Moreover there is more than one Black Rank Battle Member.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin searched the probe head, he has not worn the Battle Member clothing, does not know when should go, was actually lifted the hand to block by Yellow Rank Battle Member.</p>

<p>„Who are you? Does not know that Battle Soul Hall is the forbidden area?” Yellow Rank Battle Member sinking sound said.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Sorry, I am also Battle Member, but has not worn the Battle Member clothing today. Therefore......”</p>

<p>„Are you also Battle Member? Does not wear the clothing is not Battle Member, this regulation(s) you do not know. Quickly leaves here.” That Yellow Rank Battle Member said that in a hurry entered Battle Soul Hall.</p>

<p>Then Tang Wulin but, actually he was very curious what happened, these many Battle Member will arrive at Battle Soul Hall, looked like had about hundred people many, moreover majority were also above Yellow Rank. But he does not have the Battle Member clothing, cannot go in!</p>

<p>When his helpless preparation leaves, in Battle Soul Hall goes out of one person, on this face is bringing mask unexpectedly is red.</p>

<p>Red level Battle Member? Tang Wulin heart big quake, let alone saw, he is listens not to hear Battle Soul Hall also has red level Battle Member existence.</p>

<p>From the Battle Member rank and Soul Ring color match, red level Battle Member should mutually without a doubt compared with Black Rank Battle Member more formidable existence. At present this seems stature not high red level Battle Member, immediately takes to him imperceptibly very big oppression strength.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to fall back on the one side, making way path. But that red level Battle Member actually stopped the footsteps, in the mouth has sent out light „well”.</p>

<p>„Tang Wulin?”</p>

<p>Listened to the opposite party to call the own name, Tang Wulin to be also startled, „did you know me?”</p>

<p>Red level Battle Member lifts the hand, has lifted mask on own face, reveals a Tang Wulin familiar face. Not is just Battle Soul Hall Hall Master Guo Xiaoxu.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart is suddenly enlighted, no wonder this is bringing red mask, originally unexpectedly is Battle Soul Hall Hall Master here.</p>

<p>„Hall Master Guo, hello.”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu shows a faint smile, „did you come? Your Battle Member clothing? Was right, heard that you are One Word Battle Armor Master, can change the clothes. Come, happen to I led you to promote the Battle Member rank.” Then, he turns around to move toward nearby Battle Soul Hall work area.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurried to follow, asked in a low voice: „Does Hall Master Guo, look like our Battle Soul Hall very busy appearance?”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu sighed one lightly, „Federation had such big matter, can we not be busy? After all, our Battle Soul Hall has taken protecting Federation as own duty.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stares, „what important matter left?”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu surprised [say / way]: „Don't you know?”</p>

<p>-----------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>