<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="884">#884: Divine Dragon reappears</h2>
<p>In the Tang Wulin heart cries, immediately is similar to arrow dart, flies to shoot to go in the Gu Yue direction.</p>

<p>Lost the memory, just like child Gu Yue now that frail, Tang Wulin the whole body fine hair explodes at this time stands, speed promoted summit instantaneously, in the meantime, Blue Silver Emperor already by compared with he quicker speed suddenly to launch. Directly soars Gu Yue to go.</p>

<p>Plunges the Tang Wulin direction, impressively Scarlet Fire Monkey King, but plunges Gu Yue that form, is actually one all over the body presents is bluish-green birds Soul Beast, its speed was really too quick, looked like emerald green arrow dart, just on Bind Gu Yue waist while Tang Wulin Blue Silver Emperor, it arrived in front of Gu Yue, the sharp proboscis, directly soared the Gu Yue forehead point to go.</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird! Among the Tang Wulin moment identified this Soul Beast name. Also because just identified, the fear in his heart promotes Peak.</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird is in birds Soul Beast one of the cruelest centralism, their growth, the complete dependence slurps various life form brain matter. Soul Beast or Humanity, are their goals, Emerald Demon Bird especially like Humanity brain matter. This Soul Beast moves, if the lightning, the rapidness of speed, is among the best in entire Soul Beast. Saves the world quantity not to be many.</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird had caused a giant disaster in ancient era, that time they were Colony-Type Soul Beast, piece of Emerald Demon Bird has flown, all life form were the forehead has the hole, brain matter did not have, at that time what kind terrifying scene!</p>

<p>Afterward Soul Beast world appear(ance) one time had exterminated the motion of Emerald Demon Bird voluntarily, under the leadership of several Soul Beast King, has killed this kind of Soul Beast almost, extreme rareness that can escape by luck. Then made threat of Emerald Demon Bird to Continent life form reduce, even if were appear(ance), was only occasionally, moreover unusual being careful.</p>

<p>On the other hand, Humanity does not calculate regarding the understanding of Emerald Demon Bird specially, but has the record in some old books. Because Emerald Demon Bird, when harms Continent, is in Soul Beast ruler Continent that age.</p>

<p>In the past, it is said Emerald Demon Bird King had slurped True Dragon brain matter, evolved unceasingly, became that time most terrifying slaughtering.</p>

<p>Also was being killed because of True Dragon, that age ruler Continent Dragon Clan, concentrates strength, launched the retaliation of madness to slaughter to Emerald Demon Bird one group, thus their thorough Ruin.</p>

<p>When at this moment, Tang Wulin sees Emerald Demon Bird appear(ance), the breath of whole person as if must stop.</p>

<p>Once were pierced the Gu Yue forehead by this fellow, even if were ten Gu Yue cannot live. Moreover its speed is such rapidness.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is almost puts together completely All-Out backward to entrain own Blue Silver Emperor, simultaneously a claw without hesitation sends out, Golden Dragon Solitude Destruction Claws erupts, racket before the Gu Yue body.</p>

<p>The body of that Emerald Demon Bird is not too only big, pair of wings launches to have more than half meter, height ruler. green-blue, the proboscis is similar to the transparent syringe is all over the body more common. The rapidness of its speed, radically eyes cannot take it all.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Solitude Destruction Claws was prompt, Gu Yue was also being pulled retreat by him, but that Emerald Demon Bird actually fiercely in airborne came two acceleration, as if there is green-blue tail flame behind to emit from it, promoting his body almost to be similar to the lightning is ordinary, arrived in front of Gu Yue directly, proboscis directly on point in Gu Yue forehead.</p>

<p>„” Tang Wulin did not call out pitifully, in an instant, blood of his whole person seemed lit.</p>

<p>Gu Yue eyes is vacant, after body by, draws at the same time, but also does not understand completely had anything, but helplessly looks that Emerald Demon Bird proboscis arrived at her at present.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin pain roared, Scarlet Fire Monkey King that the Emerald Demon Bird ice-cold look, rear area has raided. In an instant, as if entire world has framed, but next flickers, Tang Wulin and Gu Yue destiny as if has been doomed.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thinks to be terror-stricken at this time, if Gu Yue such dies under the Emerald Demon Bird proboscis, he forever will not forgive own. What he rather was slurped brain matter is own, does not want Gu Yue to receive a wee bit injuries.</p>

<p>But the strength of bloodline also at this moment, strange appear(ance), Tang Wulin to rush has seethed with excitement made his body surroundings take shape [gold/metal] red light fog, but this light fog on that piece of Gu Yue by his neck was given his silver scales fierce absorb to get up suddenly.</p>

<p>surroundings spatial as if really has stagnated, even if speed such rapidness, the proboscis were arrived at Emerald Demon Bird of Gu Yue forehead, appear(ance) short stagnation.</p>

<p>But the next quarter, the body of Gu Yue and Tang Wulin was actually illusory.</p>

<p>On Tang Wulin bursts out dazzling golden light (Jin Guang), but on Gu Yue was bursts out dazzling silver light, money bi-color has handed over to echo. In the Tang Wulin wrist that may colored crystal also shines radiant ray of light. The next quarter, golden-colored and silver, close up suddenly, instantaneous fusion.</p>

<p>Radiant seven-colored luster blooms suddenly. The body of Emerald Demon Bird and Scarlet Fire Monkey King simultaneously can move. Emerald Demon Bird is ordinary just like a bluish-green meteor, pricks in that seven-colored ray of light instantaneously.</p>

<p>But, with „biting” a resounding, its not big body was rebounded immediately. But another side Scarlet Fire Monkey King forcefully from the sky transformed the direction, fell on nearby big tree, surprised uncertain looks seven-colored ray of light that front burst out suddenly.</p>

<p>Not only it strength, what is more important has Wisdom that many Soul Beast do not have, most is good at making use of favorable conditions and avoid unfavorable conditions. This time looks for Emerald Demon Bird to take helper, this thinks absolutely safe. Has not actually thought of suddenly appear(ance) such Transformation.</p>

<p>But this time Tang Wulin only thought that bloodline energy vortex of own chest place revolved suddenly unprecedented terrifying speed, own whole body bloodline also in appear(ance) strange Transformation.</p>

<p>Huge energy flows in backward just like the rivers and streams floods into within the body generally, he only thought that the own whole person is inflating, terrifying energy makes him unable to bear face upward to send out resonant dragon roar.</p>

<p>Divine Dragon Transformation, in his consciousness very clear own is completing Divine Dragon Transformation with Gu Yue. This is not first was inferior, may in the passing Divine Dragon Transformation process, be Gu Yue carries on as the leadership, he stimulates to movement Divine Dragon Transformation energy to fight at most.</p>

<p>But this time is different, Divine Dragon Transformation seems inspires by him, that incomparably huge energy, so tyrannical physical quality unexpectedly somewhat cannot support by him now, energy that the Gu Yue place transmits, looks like flushes air the ball to blow generally him. Tang Wulin within the body meridians started somewhat unable to withstand, but this as if just started to resemble.</p>

<p>„” dragon roar turned into pitiful yell. Even if when withstanding Golden Dragon King Seal to shatter, Tang Wulin had not felt the death was away from own such near, he has not thought that met appear(ance) such situation unexpectedly.</p>

<p>But also while this pitiful yell resounds, Tang Wulin felt obviously emerges the energy fierce stop of own within the body, his consciousness also returned to normal.</p>

<p>seven colors scales covers the whole body, his body also inflated had five meters high fully, when with former and Gu Yue Divine Dragon Transformation had certain difference, as if their this Martial Soul Fusion Technique have completed evolution.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin remembers clearly that Gu Yue had said that their Divine Dragon Transformation initially were first that carried on changes, Divine Dragon initially awoke. Then, at this time was second changed inadequate?</p>

<p>Back, the huge Seven-colored Dragon wing opens, Tang Wulin only thinks all attribute energy members in trim forest in madness comes toward own to rush, not only emerges the own body, but also energy of big piece said in own body surroundings take shape that momentarily can be transferred by own.</p>

<p>Unprecedented strength feeling, in mind suddenly were many anything, as if belonged to Gu Yue strength also to be able by him to be transferred.</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>