<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="818">#818: Too cruel</h2>
<p>The Nightmare Old Devil words made in the Tang Wulin heart slightly have the comprehension, he held this military training properties indistinctly, but had no way to talk clearly completely.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin gives Ye Xinglan the jug, „you wipe first. I admonish.” At this time, pain is not that intense, Tang Wulin is supporting standing up, this time he does not dare to be negligent, takes out Golden Dragon Spear, is observing all around vigilantly.</p>

<p>Cavern.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil reappears from illusory, in the cavern has a gigantic crystal ball, the diameter has one meter fully. Inside Light and Shadow is glittering, not just Tang Wulin and his companion this time situations?</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil stands in front of the crystal ball, in the mouth „” makes noise, „cruel, you were really too cruel. Did not reach an agreement wanted the light point? How to come up so to be ruthless. What to do if they couldn't withstand to collapse? Haven't we resulted in play?”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil ill-humored [say / way]: „Does a bit less this set, you do not know that excited, haven't I known you? In view of the different situations, of course must adjust the difficulty. These kids can enter valley by own strength, the body carrying capacity is quite good. That made us seek for their limits to be good gradually. However, they also are really pure laughable. Unexpectedly anything believes.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil smiles, „obviously is one hour, you must say that is two hours. What medicine did you just give them are?”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil has also smiled, in smiling face has been full of the mean flavor: „Was quick you to know.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is last smears the medicinal ointment to wound , after the medicinal ointment smears, clear cool, comfortable of not being able to say. The place that before was damaged because the severe pain was inflamed, but after spreading this medicinal ointment, inflamed vanished unexpectedly rapidly, the cool feeling made the human enjoy.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi, Xie Xie, Ye Xinglan and Le Zhengyu sat, on the face full is the appearance of feeling relaxed.</p>

<p>In this time, is smearing medicinal ointment Ye Xinglan to sway from side to side the body of own first gently, „is a little itchy. Was the wound is better? This was also too quick.”</p>

<p>Her saying a saying, about the same time smeared the medicinal ointment with her the Xu Lizhi expression also becomes strange, „probably was a little itchy!” His gently in wound surroundings flexure, this flexure was unimportant, the itchy feeling increases instantaneously, his body not by Control sways from side to side.</p>

<p>„Quite itchy!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin excitedly discoloration, that medicinal ointment?</p>

<p>After several minutes, the wonderful itchy incomparable feeling appear(ance) in his wound place, that itchy, is wishing one could lets the human own has torn into shreds the feeling.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi cannot bear both hands go to the body of flexure own, the clothes of quick upper body had been ripped open by his own, the body was also left bloodstains by flexure.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin clenches the teeth, relies on the astonishing willpower strength to resist the itchy feeling, the intention is moving, the Blue Silver Emperor release, Bind fast lives in the hands and feet of companion, pulls open their hands and feet, does not make them go to flexure.</p>

<p>„Boss, lets my flexure flexure, lets my flexure flexure, was too itchy, could not bear!” Xu Lizhi yelled.</p>

<p>Pitiful yells resound, compared with formerly ache time also wants fierce several times. The ache endures patiently relatively fortunately, this may not be easy itchy.</p>

<p>The fierce itchy feeling, making the bodies of all people twitch.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, the body shivers many Blue Silver Emperor to release, not only Bind lives in the hands and feet of companion, but also is squeezing in Blue Silver Emperor their mouth horizontally, has cut by biting the tongue of own in order to avoid them because of the pain in excess.</p>

<p>This where is military training? Simply on suffering of trouble-maker! No wonder they said that own is a devil, they are, they are!</p>

<p>The fierce pain made the convulsion that the body of everyone went all out, the itchy feeling has continued for a half hour. When that itchy feeling removes finally gradually, the people somewhat suffocated. Especially Xu Lizhi and Xu Xiaoyan situation is most awful. Xu Lizhi gave the feeling of person even likely is thin one.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath. At this time he gradually unties in companion Blue Silver Emperor Bind, everybody gathers.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi and Xu Xiaoyan already complexion pale white fell into half comatose condition, the Xie Xie situation is slightly better than them, by Yuan En Yehui. Le Zhengyu complexion pale white, is hugging Xu Xiaoyan. His situation was insufficient to be so bad, because the Life strength formerly consumed excessively, therefore, the body resistivity naturally also dropped much.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin, Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui three people can also maintain sober, but their bodies similarly often will also twitch, slight(ly) is shivering.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin grasps Golden Dragon Spear, unceasing comes absorb Life energy in air to recover the energy through the deep breath. As Captain, he cannot get down absolutely but actually, he must protect companion.</p>

<p>Has saying that Nightmare Old Devil this demonstration of authority took a profound class to them, that is, when regardless of cannot readily believe others, must momentarily maintain the vigilance.</p>

<p>„Good, compared with imagination. Hungry, eats a thing.” Nightmare Old Devil from the nihility, in the hand has been raising a big gift box once more, arrives in front of them, opens the gift box, inside has eight fully, is all kinds of good food, fruit.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil very natural is placed these food in front of them, then shows a faint smile, the hand signal that makes invitation, turned around to vanish.</p>

<p>Saw food, the Tang Wulin heart shivered, he liked eating, moreover formerly consumed that in a big way, facing so numerous good food, the intense impulsion made him want to overrun.</p>

<p>But, can he overrun really? God knows in these food has to intoxicate. They just had undergone nearly the tribulation between Life and Death. If comes again one time, no one can guarantee that everybody can collapse.</p>

<p>Is unedible, the good good food, cannot touch. Although in the Tang Wulin heart has told him, this time should not suffer again, these food should not have the issue. But if, this time he has believed Nightmare Old Devil, that next time? Who can know when is that behavior Test?</p>

<p>takes a deep breath tone, Tang Wulin sinking sound track: „From now on, regardless of Nightmare Old Devil sends any thing we unable to touch, everybody admonishes carefully, first recovers the energy. You rest, I am defending. If were hungry, first eats dry rations. After Lizhi restores to come, makes Steamed Stuffed Bun to eat to everybody.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan nodded, in her hand starlight blooms, selects point Star Grain(s) to fall, cuts these food completely broken.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and she looks at each other one, he understands that this is she is strengthening the own faith.</p>

<p>„Waste food is ignominious behavior! I use the own prestige to guarantee that just these food did not have an issue. Your this psychology withstand ability, but also is really the weak pity.” Nightmare Old Devil is full of the ridicule sounds/voices to resound.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin remains unmoved, „, when just sent the antidote, your moral behavior has exhausted, from now on, we will not believe your any a few words. Since our military training contents must survive here for two years, then, we, so long as survived diligently on the line. The work you do not take the trouble.”</p>

<p>Cavern.</p>

<p>„Such quickly came on reaction? Moreover seems is very firm.” Disillusioned Old Devil surprised saying.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil shrugs the arm, „is that also what kind of? Then just started. But is a appetizer, behind some are feast is also waiting for them.”</p>

<p>Under persevering of Tang Wulin, the companion physical ability and Soul Power gradually restore. Nightmare Old Devil appear(ance), the rest, in addition has not had Xu Lizhi Restoring Stuffed Meatbun again in turn, the people restores to the optimum condition finally reluctantly.</p>

<p>Brings Food System Soul Master is being this, will never fear that has not eaten.</p>

<p>-------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>