<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="866">#866: Soul Emperor Le Zhengyu</h2>
<p>Let alone, Tang Wulin is breaking through, they have not been idling! Devil Island after is very big to the Le Zhengyu attack, but when he walks gradually after the shadow, surprised discovery, own in Soul Power or the Spiritual Strength aspect, had the enormous promotion.</p>

<p>The renewal is quickest</p>

<p>On the Tang Wulin face reveals a light god only, both hands joint hold in the front, look at opposite Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu. In the surface smiled is richer.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan also draw back in the one side, Yuan En ask to Ye Xinglan: „Xinglan, you thought that who can win?”</p>

<p>On the Ye Xinglan rare face reveals a smile, „you such asked that didn't favor Xie Xie?”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui said: „That but is actually not, by me to their understanding, Xie Xie and Zhengyu joint words, the opportunity should be very big, after all, their cultivation for there, moreover everybody each other was too familiar. However, I also similarly understand Wulin, initially, he was bringing First Grade and we hit, wins one victory after another, this fellow seemed the gentle breeze drizzle, may in fact black belly very much, did not fight the uncertain war. If meets the difficult time, association goes against in the forefront. In the imposing manner, Zhengyu and Xie Xie are not his match. Therefore, finally who can win is very difficult to say. However, comes back after Devil Island, in fact we each other do not have, understood. Especially to Wulin, after all, he was so long that side Star Luo Empire, after coming back, has not listened to him to say actually to have met anything in that side.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said with a smile: „That has a look, if the gambling, I also believe that Wulin will win.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui surprised [say / way]: „Why?” Her many somewhat hesitates, may look at the Ye Xinglan expression, clearly has the absolute confidence to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan shakes the head, „why I do not know, is a feeling. You carefully look, Wulin aura, is really as if different from before, Xie Xie sixth sense was right. Actually as to have anything not to be different, makes us wait. Wulin asks them to compare notes today, should not be is aimless.”</p>

<p>„Um.” Yuan En Yehui nods, their vision also as if by prior agreement falls on the scene.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan cracks into a chuckle, „I make referee, did you prepare?”</p>

<p>The range of summit specially is not big, 300 meters in diameter, regarding the fight of Five Rings Soul King rank, this range book being insufficient makes them display completely, because has strong to ban that Control their energy is not leaking, did not matter.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nods, Xie Xie smiles, „Boss, we will not show mercy! I still remember now, initially our first meeting time you hit the appearance that me flies. I very much bear a grudge.”</p>

<p>„?” Tang Wulin faint smile visits him.</p>

<p>Xie Xie turns head to look to Le Zhengyu, Le Zhengyu snort, „had felt relieved that I want to win his thought that is more rigid than you. Do not be a drag on my on the line.”</p>

<p>„!” Xie Xie has given the hand signal of despising to Le Zhengyu, „who drags whose hind leg is uncertain, Xiaoyan, we prepared.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan said with a smile: „Good, that starts!” At the same time was saying, he makes an effort to wave.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu almost with the instance that she makes noise, has been similar to arrow dart overran toward Tang Wulin. Without any gaudy, is frontage hardly clashes, one has pulled open distance between him and Xie Xie.</p>

<p>„Hey, you wait / etc. I, what you cannot understand are the coordination!” Xie Xie is unsatisfactory, but his start was obviously slow, falls behind Le Zhengyu many.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu in the instance of running out, body burst out the unprecedented imposing manner, Soul Ring raised from his rapidly.</p>

<p>Four purple two black, right, Six Soul Rings! Entire six.</p>

<p>Before Xu Xiaoyan to the hand signal that Tang Wulin gave, was six.</p>

<p>21-year-old Le Zhengyu, in short several years time, fully showed strength of his one generation of talents, successfully became Six Rings Soul Emperor level Elite.</p>

<p>Initially, to protect Xu Xiaoyan, he has displayed Holy Angel [lineage/vein] bloodline talent ability Sacrifice, thus has consumed the own Life strength large scale, in fact, after using Sacrifice, to Holy Angel [lineage/vein], had a special help. Sacrifice divine skill, can make their full senses deep meaning between Life Flame and Sacred Flame, regarding Holy Angel [lineage/vein], although has consumed their Life strength large scale, actually can also make them experience Sacred bloodline aura in shorter time profoundly, better promotion.</p>

<p>Later Devil Island a series of Test, making Le Zhengyu oneself fly to enter suddenly courageous, what is more important, there, his absorb very huge Life energy, when own Sacrifice Life energy that consumes supplemented, meanwhile made his own Life energy sublimate, this was his background, today dares challenge Tang Wulin also to believe background that own can win.</p>

<p>In some sense, although Le Zhengyu had the intense shadow on Devil Island, may in fact, he obtain benefits there biggest, spiritual and Soul Power double harvest.</p>

<p>Some time ago, after obtaining Xu Xiaoyan family's approval, he has completed the breakthrough finally, one step strided in Soul Emperor stage, became in High Rank Soul Master, had had Two Word Battle Armor background.</p>

<p>Six Soul Ring, four purple two black, this absolutely is Soul Ring matching of most Top Rank. Radiant Sacred Flame ascends from him. First Soul Ring shines, behind a pair of pure white wing appear(ance) with him at the same time, Sacred Light fell on own together.</p>

<p>Sacred Light, the attack and defense has both, Le Zhengyu is very clear, Sacred Light attack Tang Wulin will not have any effect, but attaches in oneself, is actually to his effective amplification. The a pair of pure white wing was exaggerated golden-colored instantaneously.</p>

<p>Holy Sword along with it appear(ance), sword tip(s) glittering, golden-colored halo spreads, making his whole person really just like Angel Descends common.</p>

<p>A back pair of wings racket, Le Zhengyu from the sky is similar to together golden light (Jin Guang), before arrived at the Tang Wulin body, directly slanting above position, back huge Angel phantom flashes before baseless, both hands grasp the sword, a sword of being outspoken cut to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>This sword seems simple, but actually unified his first, second and fourth, Three Great Soul Skill. Angel Descends before attack blooms flickers the release, all engagements as wonderful as the summit. It can be said that this struck to promote his fighting strength 120%.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin that moment of Le Zhengyu starting has not moved, stands in as in same place, even own Martial Soul does not have the release continually, but be with smile on the face looks that Le Zhengyu clashes to own.</p>

<p>Until Le Zhengyu flaps pair of wings accelerates the time suddenly, on his face revealed surprised.</p>

<p>But at this moment, before his body, suddenly resounds „biting” a light sound.</p>

<p>A handle illusory dagger does not have appear(ance) of omen before his body, moreover just stabs in his front. What hit is the right chest, on the other hand is not the critical right chest.</p>

<p>But when, that dagger stabs his chest instant, resounds crisply, is actually not able the little advance half minute.</p>

<p>Dagger of course possibly is not Le Zhengyu, the illusory form congealing reality, on the Xie Xie face has filled slightly inconceivable.</p>

<p>Is this possible?</p>

<p>When Le Zhengyu opens Angel pair of wings, that prestigious brilliance completely has covered following Xie Xie, but according to the former Xie Xie program, he completely was backward, let alone also had the sudden acceleration of Le Zhengyu. It looks like, he should not appear(ance) be here right.</p>

<p>May complete attack is actually he, although is only Shadow Dragon Blade, but actually fully gathers the strength in the attack process, unprecedented strikes. All imposing manners and attack strength, are stabbing Tang Wulin that flickers to erupt.</p>

<p>But the feeling of Xie Xie, own Shadow Dragon Dagger actually likely stabs the mountain that has towered palatially, is unable to enter the slightest.</p>

<p>Has saying that he and Le Zhengyu coordination is quite tacit, all people think Le Zhengyu attack should arrive at first time, first completes attack is actually Xie Xie.</p>

<p>In fact, Xie Xie has not thought own can strike the accomplishment, so long as this attack can attract the Tang Wulin attention, destroyed his defense and fight rhythm is enough. Le Zhengyu Storing Power strikes to flicker will arrive.</p>

<p>But, what regardless of he has not thought that meaning that Tang Wulin has not resisted, his Shadow Dragon Dagger cannot take to him unexpectedly any injury.</p>

<p>When he saw when smile that the Tang Wulin corners of the mouth place reveals understands that Tang Wulin has to discover him, but has not planned defense.</p>

<p>Also at this time, Tang Wulin finally moved, his right foot however stamps courageous, with the low and deep dragon roar sound, the terrifying fluctuation strength made 30 meters in diameter range in centered on him, as if entire spatial caved.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth!</p>

<p>But is this original Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth?</p>

<p>---------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued..)</p>

<p>The quickest renewal correct novel read, please visit</p>

<p>Please collect the home station to read the newest novel!</p>

  </body>
</html>