<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="840">#840: Once Shrek Seven Monsters</h2>
<p>Listens he said Shrek Seven Monsters these five characters time, Tang Wulin only thought that the heart shook greatly, the situation of all formerly not being able to explain finally, can say was clear. Moreover, his in the heart has a feeling in this moment, this obese old man does not have lie, all that he said are real.</p>

<p>Here, the obese old man and *@ Old Devil were silent. Very obviously, recalls the matter that initially had, for them is a very painful experience.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil sighed, „just arrived around this Devil Island time, we were extremely shocked. Here sea area had earth-shaking Transformation. We with the help of Federation, complete the debarkation through some hi-tech means. But at that time, Sea Soul Beast of this coastal water were many, moreover was quite formidable.”</p>

<p>„Federation before four Thousand Years on the promulgation law, must protect Soul Beast, as far as possible does not hunt and kill at will. Sea Soul Beast currently on Continent only has the Soul Beast system of complete existence. Therefore, we cannot slaughter at that time. After landing on the island, we start a series of reconnaissances. Thinks that you also felt at first, here simply did not have any Life aura existence, only then some specially fearful Ruin flavor. All vitalities as if were eliminated. We can also feel, long that too here, we cannot survive.”</p>

<p>„But reconnoiters must continue, we are searching for all on islands earnestly, is looking for the Life bodies and clues of all possible existence. Finally, we had found Ruin Fragment(s).”</p>

<p>„That time we, the strength was not quite weak, at least now this stage stronger compared with you on many. We had found valley, finally felt Life energy existence. At that time our first reaction was, we came across the fortuitous encounter. Thereupon, our seven people keep in valley, carries on the further reconnaissance.”</p>

<p>„But at that time, what is different from the present is. When we arrive in Devil Island, Devil Island Ruin aura outside, Life aura embodiment in valley. But that time Ruin Fragment(s), itself did not have the comprehensive eruption. Therefore, when we see Ruin Fragment(s), it is only gigantic crystalline lens, whether there is the interior as if performs the energy crystalline lens. Can you think at that time our feeling? We thought that has discovered the buried treasure. Moreover is very extraordinary thing.”</p>

<p>„We belong to Shrek, our of course hope returns to Shrek to study this buried treasure belt. Therefore, we attempt to take that Ruin Fragment(s). Therefore, the tragedy happened.”</p>

<p>On the face of obese old man has filled sadly, took up a chicken leg from the table, the worry of effort has been eating one.</p>

<p>The *@ Old Devil forced smile said: „We have initiated Ruin Fragment(s). Almost does not have any reaction time, our seven people, were all ripped fragment(s) by above terrifying Ruin energy, the skeleton have not saved.”</p>

<p>„?” Tang Wulin shouted one lowly.</p>

<p>The obese old man sighed: „At that time, we have not felt any pain, but thought that all become ignorant, surroundings all are suddenly fuzzy and are suddenly clear, suddenly light, suddenly darkness! All seems far away, actually likely is rapid nearness.”</p>

<p>The *@ Old Devil connection said: „Has not known long time, we finally gradually sobers. However, we eventually permanent lost was the body of own. We by the condition of spirit body, existence above islands. But here Life and Ruin energy , the part can be controlled by us.”</p>

<p>„Afterward, we carefully studied to discuss. We thought that this situation appear(ance), very possible was Life energy has saved us. Strength of Ruin Ruin our bodies, Life energy actually prompt protection our Soul. Therefore will have afterward our these Old Devil, by so strange shape existence. Was Life energy has continued our Life, making us be able to live on Thousand Years.”</p>

<p>„We have also been protecting here. The person who does not let the curiosity searches to observe. But this piece of Devil Islands, starting from that moment, belonged to Shrek. After all, this was we pays the Life price to obtain. We have not been able to leave here, once because leaves here Life energy, we will die. Soul will dissipate. Therefore we can only here, wait for Shrek Academy sends the most outstanding talented person, helping Academy carry on training to a certain extent.”</p>

<p>Such that just like the obese old man said that after he narrated complete process, Tang Wulin has believed him. All that because he said are completely reasonable, is flawless.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil moved sitting there, „we lived was glorious than much years the average person, but, we again are actually not able to return to Shrek, is unable to see Sea God Island unfold on a magnificent scale again. It is not able to feel the Humanity world again point point Di Di. Only can stay here, makes Old Devil.”</p>

<p>The obese old man said: „Trains you truly is some wicked interests, will take to you not the small pain. But you recalled carefully will discover, actually this way (of life) can make you grow rapidly. Not only exercises your ability, exercises your mentalities. Only then after encountering intense setback, can know that Life is how precious, can more discrete going facing this world. You understand meaning that I said?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nodded slowly, Nightmare Old Devil in such method as the threat, Tang Wulin learned to open aircraft, absorb Ruin energy with own fusion, making in his aura have was Ruin that can in this sea area round trip free.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil lets thing that he eats up, although is very disgusting, but without a doubt, has taken to his rich Life energy, neutralize Ruin energy the destruction that might bring. Make him feel Creation and Ruin process fully. Let his oneself be sublimated.</p>

<p>Loathing Old Devil exercises their firm and resolute with the pain, lets them the heart of stable own in the severe pain.</p>

<p>But *@ Old Devil takes to them, is the bustling place builds up the heart, making them realize profoundly * in must maintain sober.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, this all, because of the brutality of use method, can make them have the qualitative leap in short time. From the youth to youth, transits to can the degree of better adaptation society excessively.</p>

<p>Recalls that all these all sorts, to them are the rare exercises, outside world, is impossible to obtain in Academy.</p>

<p>The obese old man shows a faint smile, „you complete quickest one, therefore, then you can gentle with * studied something. After you learned, you stayed in the island, waited for your companion. When they all passed Test, during or is, had any person to give up, you were departing together. According to regulation(s), person who comes together, must walk together.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nodded.</p>

<p>Although he currently also has the vigilance, lets words that he is unable to say anything to respect, but in his heart, has believed all these.</p>

<p>The obese old man stands up, nodded to *@ Old Devil, turns around to walk in the direction of woods, his obese form disappears to disappear gradually.</p>

<p>„How should I call him?” Tang Wulin asked to *@ Old Devil.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil shook the head, „how you did not need to call him, before departure, you should not see him again. Good, making us start. I can give your thing to be many, although the lots do not have what actual combat ability, but will actually have the enormous help to your actual combat, for example, cosmetics technique and Camouflage Technique.”</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>Today Company also began, has made many future plans, for example shoots our Tang Sect investment the network big movie, makes the Dragon King peripheral product, draws the Dragon King hypothesis collection wait / etc.. This year we will have 2-3 soap opera big movies starting. All are prosperous. Blessed everybody in the new year of work smooth, healthy.</p>

  </body>
</html>