<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="798">#798: Extreme Yin</h2>
<p>In the golden-colored aperture, Mighty Dragon coils around faintly, the people only thought that strength of the strong Qi and Blood drills into own within the body instantaneously. The spirited dragon roar sound reverberates in the ear.</p>

<p>The body of Tang Wulin rises suddenly against the wind, raises to about three meters directly, Qi and Blood fluctuation also in instantaneously suddenly to increase, but, his a pair of eye pupil no longer is golden-colored, but turned into scarlet golden-colored. aura by the promotion of geometrical multiple madness.</p>

<p>fourth bloodline Soul Ring technique, Golden Dragon Frantic Domain.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King Seal broke through the fourth level, Tang Wulin had this ability. But he never has also used beside dragon bone(s).</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Frantic Domain, can let his own Golden Dragon King bloodline rioting, enters the crazy condition instantaneously. Meanwhile, in the Domain range all allied forces will obtain the Golden Dragon King bloodline addition, attack and defense enjoy his own one-third promotion. In Tang Wulin in Golden Dragon Frantic, strength, defense and attack, can suddenly to increase one time.</p>

<p>Raises with the body to three meters, Tang Wulin scales becomes weighty, was affected, the dragon scales design that on One Word Battle Armor reappeared turned into weighty dragon scales to cover completely, had to plant his own dragon scales counter- volume unexpectedly Battle Armor gable feeling.</p>

<p>His own aura also along with the it rapid elevation, Tang Wulin at this time looks like consciousness Ferocious Beast to the feeling of person, Golden Dragon Spear obtains his bloodthirsty and intense bloodline energy support after Frantic dual amplification, [gold/metal] puts greatly, moreover mysterious raises to increase with his personal appearance.</p>

<p>„Raising” third ring of light shines, the spirited dragon roar sound erupts, front Evil Soul Master Battle Armor ring of light Domain arrival of formidable Qi and Blood fluctuation assault slow a racket. Next flickers, the Tang Wulin whole person changed into golden light (Jin Guang) to hit together.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Soars!</p>

<p>Takes Golden Dragon Spear as sharply , to promote by Golden Dragon Soars, his without hesitation goes to the opposite party Domain hit directly.</p>

<p>At this time cannot have retreat of least bit, once fell into the opposite party Battle Armor Domain Aura Control range completely, that completely was the world of opposite party.</p>

<p>Cold and gloomy aura heads on, that is Extreme Yin the cold air/Qi, although Tang Wulin has not known that Martial Soul of match is anything, but can Negative Energy refining so pure, even if in the Evil Soul Master world, it is estimated that at present this is also the character of non- common component.</p>

<p>But this time he, seems like burning Sun, combustion is not flame, but is Qi and Blood. That strong Golden Dragon King Qi and Blood front Negative Energy will dispel actually, Golden Dragon Spear goes just like the golden-colored direct impact opposite party front together like lightning.</p>

<p>On the Evil Soul Master face reveals one to be astonished, how he will unable to see that Tang Wulin is only Five Rings Soul King stage cultivates is! Five Rings One Word Battle Armor Master, can actually dispel own the air/Qi of Extreme Yin, moreover made own feel the threat, this was the unprecedented situation.</p>

<p>But Evil Soul Master will therefore not be obviously startled, saw that Tang Wulin breaks in the own that only purple-black big hand, on the face cannot help but reveals one to sneer.</p>

<p>But next quarter his sneering on condense, because his surprised seeing, center that purple-black big hand that in own releases, appear(ance) a golden-colored eyelet of vortex shape, that golden-colored vortex has increased rapidly, twisted to break to pieces that only purple-black big hand of own unexpectedly actually. golden light (Jin Guang) dodges to pass, arrived at his front directly.</p>

<p>Evil Soul Master reaction is quick, the right hand wields like lightning, strikes side Golden Dragon Spear. When his palm and flash of Golden Dragon Spear contact, suddenly, his whole body trembled.</p>

<p>This and cultivates for irrelevant, completely is the suppression on bloodline. Tang Wulin Soul Power promotes stage every time, his own Golden Dragon King bloodline aura will also strengthen, can better and own Qi and Blood fuses, making Golden Dragon King aura stronger.</p>

<p>Can become Shrek Seven Monsters Captain, what Tang Wulin relies on is the absolute strength. Moreover, his Golden Dragon King bloodline also follows the itself intensity to increase, making his fight way (of life) also more and more develop in the powerful suppression direction.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King bloodline to Yang Zhigang the restraint of aura enormous degree the air/Qi of that Extreme Yin, held in the Golden Dragon Frantic Domain in addition, although other Shrek Seven Monsters people felt as before the whole body is cold and gloomy, but is also insufficient to come up to be corroded.</p>

<p>If this traded has repaired to weakly also not have the situation of Golden Dragon Frantic amplification, once entered this Three Word Battle Armor Evil Soul Master Battle Armor Domain Aura, by the Negative Energy corrosion, quick will be changed into the bloody water.</p>

<p>golden-colored Star Wheel Ice Chain are quietly raises from the Evil Soul Master under foot, the Xu Xiaoyan Control Soul Skill most formidable absolute establishment nature burst out most formidable mighty energy instantaneously. Right hand instantaneous stagnation that Evil Soul Master wields in midair. Is grasping opportunity, Xu Xiaoyan deserves absolutely.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin hand Golden Dragon Spear almost passes through from that Evil Soul Master fingertip, Qi and Blood shocks with Star Wheel Ice Chain establishes absolutely is almost simultaneously appear(ance). Next quarter, Golden Dragon Spear on thorn maliciously in his chest place, body of that only Deep Turtle.</p>

<p>purple-black Three Word Battle Armor instantaneous Great Release of Rays of Light, the Guard Screen stress lives, this is Battle Armor most normal stress reaction. But sends out from Three Word Battle Armor, mighty energy, but is not One Word Battle Armor can compare.</p>

<p>To cold air/Qi instantaneously flying upside down of Tang Wulin hit, appear(ance) that but, a hole as before is actually quietly has carried on the back in Deep Turtle, glittering light golden-colored.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin feels obviously that transmits cool air current from Golden Dragon Spear. The Life strength, that is the Deep Turtle Life strength.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Spear brings properties to destroy the hardest defenses played effect at crucial moments, the eruption of Guard Screen cannot shake Golden Dragon Spear directly flies, made him leave a trace on that Deep Turtle eventually. Although that is only Soul Spirit, but this stage Soul Spirit already is Soul Master part.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is very clear, takes cultivation of own as, the Golden Dragon Spear might is impossible to display completely, destroys the hardest defenses special effect is also so. Therefore he has not chosen other Evil Soul Master critical positions, because that has the Three Word Battle Armor protection, he does not think that own attack can break through Three Word Battle Armor. But that Deep Turtle is in itself more like Evil Soul Master Soul Power Nucleus, defense should be inferior to Battle Armor itself, therefore he has chosen in this direction attack.</p>

<p>„You dare!” Evil Soul Master angry sounds/voices along with it resounding, Tang Wulin has not seen clearly to have anything, felt that the body of own was selected by cloudy and cold energy together directly, the body of flying upside down accelerates suddenly, hits directly to companion.</p>

<p>But at this time, Star-time Chains special effect has appeared, Shrek Seven Monsters seven people of Battle Armor are ray of light glittering, withstands assault that this has struck together.</p>

<p>Seven people simultaneously exude one stuffily, but melts strength that this has struck eventually. Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu simultaneously caught the body of Tang Wulin in behind, melted his assault strength.</p>

<p>„Extreme Yin Domain!” Evil Soul Master cold and gloomy sounds/voices resounds through the audience.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and his companion only thought that surroundings all become viscous, his Golden Dragon Frantic Domain is similar to the air/Qi of turbulent mighty waves general terrifying Extreme Yin oppresses instantaneously. purple-black ray of light raises from the ground together suddenly, covers Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>That is richer than Evil Soul Master Battle Armor Domain Aura the air/Qi of ten times of fearful Extreme Yin. Moreover, when its appear(ance) instance, has shut off Star-time Chains that extends from Xu Xiaoyan unexpectedly directly.</p>

<p>This situation people or first time meet, although Star-time Chains is also starlike image class Soul Skill, but its absolute establishment nature manifests, once displays can with companion link, and very firm. But this firm is not cannot be broken.</p>

<p>----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>