<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="812">#812: Airborne</h2>
<p>Ye Xinglan in observing this islands, is seeking for on the map that Academy is giving the similar shape island.</p>

<p>Looks following her finger direction, appearance on that side relatively big islands and map resembles.</p>

<p>Did not need Tang Wulin saying that Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui have adjusted the direction, flew toward that islands.</p>

<p>They are at about the kilometer upper air at this time, slowly drop. Suddenly, seven people simultaneously felt that the body trembles, as if airborne had any invisible thing to hold them one, distortion of surroundings spatial slight(ly). They continued to fall.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin seven people of feelings, this is only instantaneous absent-minded, but on the North Sea Corps radar, their seven people actually vanished.</p>

<p>The gravity clearly increases, entrains the Tang Wulin seven people to fall to falling by quicker speed, the Tang Wulin sinking sound shouted to clear the way: „Everybody do not fluster, will not have the matter. Xiaoyan, Star-time Chains!”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan Soul Ring ray of light sparkle, the fourth Soul Skill release, golden light (Jin Guang) shining Star-time Chains rapid the people links.</p>

<p>They jump out aircraft time, from ground about three kilometers, but from three kilometers upper air, if no in the Wings situation to change into the freely falling body, only takes most two minutes, will pound in the ground.</p>

<p>Even if under the assistance of Wings, when they from ground more and more recently, just passed for five minutes.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu have eaten up Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun, have whipped their pair of wings that All-Out to go , the attempt can stabilize live in the body of own, after being insufficient to crash, meeting a cruel death that falls.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin as connection of all people, by the person of that huge Vine connections, he is quiet, as if has not become because of the present aspect startled.</p>

<p>Is nearer from the ground, they more can see clearly, in ground piece of black, but is actually not the rock or the land, in the islands of mountain range fluctuating, is growing Plant, but these Plant unexpectedly are also black. Therefore looked from the distant place upper air that here looks like a black monster.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui are relying on the Battle Armor amplification, in the situation of although in the gravity increasing, is adjusting the personal appearance as before reluctantly, flies to the direction of their target island. Was getting more and more near from the ground.</p>

<p>„Everybody prepares against assault.” On the side of Tang Wulin is drinking greatly, five Soul Ring ray of light are partly visible, blue-gold Blue Silver Emperor start in his body surroundings many drilling.</p>

<p>Arrived at the ground shortly, Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu whipped own Wings to melt rapidly brunt, but seven people actually as before were similar to at top speed generally fire into the ground.</p>

<p>At this moment, suddenly, on Tang Wulin Second Soul Ring Great Release of Rays of Light, Blue Silver Grass emit just like the python generally, direct to the ground, his Fourth Soul Ring has also shone, that Blue Silver Emperor becomes is similar to the thigh is thick or thin immediately, digs in the instantaneous downward bend of ground, but the formidable elastic enormous degree is actually melting their assault strength, looks like meat pad, making the momentum weaken rapidly.</p>

<p>Together golden light (Jin Guang) excitedly, just like golden-colored little dragon(s) generally fierce a brace in ground, the formidable counter- tension shoots Tang Wulin, his both arms shake, Bind in companion Blue Silver Emperor vibration, all flings immediately into the people airborne, all momentum also therefore melt, the people in airborne have stopped slightly, falls in the ground again slowly.</p>

<p>Blue Silver Emperor takes back, the accurate landing, is shocking but not dangerous.</p>

<p>„This may really be too exciting!” Xie Xie somewhat excited crying.</p>

<p>Truly was too exciting, such situation, all people were first time face, but has saying that the entire process was also in their control scopes.</p>

<p>Although Tang Wulin is not the aircraft driver, but as motion control of sizing up the situation, all grasps unusual is good. Especially when he releases the Tyrannosaurus god to come the pen, making them be able to get rid of the entanglement of fighter aircraft and Mecha successfully, if not that instantaneous High-speed crashes, wants to run out of the tight encirclement not to be definitely easy, North Sea Corps is not good to cope.</p>

<p>„Is everybody how is it?” Tang Wulin asked.</p>

<p>„Does not have the issue!” The people give all normal hand signals to Tang Wulin. They are One Word Battle Armor Master, although some final time assault, but the Battle Armor defense strength melted all sufficiently.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin waves, the people gather side him rapidly, composes the lineup. Tang Wulin, Ye Xinglan, Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui outside, other three people.</p>

<p>At this time the people can all around a better observation. On the other hand, the sea area of Continent Northeast room was cold, therefore, is growing in this islands the trees mostly are the coniferous forests. It seems green and luxuriant. Made people somewhat depressing was only, here all trees and vegetation even were the earth, all was black, jet black like black ink. Made one be awed at the sight, as if had ghost numerous.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, Spiritual Strength is assigned away from the capital, is feeling surroundings aura.</p>

<p>He discovered that here all, although is black, but rich Dark Element aura, all are very not normal, with the normal forest not anything too big difference.</p>

<p>What's all this about? The Tang Wulin mind moves slightly.</p>

<p>Without doubt, this place, since were called Devil Island, certainly has its special place. But Academy so-called military training here, will not be aimless. They initially encountered not too wonderful experience including Old Cai, it can be imagined. When which becomes Super Rank Douluo Elite is young is not startled certainly colorful!</p>

<p>„Boss, we now what to do?” Xie Xie asked in a low voice.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „The rest, replied the optimum condition to say in turn first again.” Cannot go forward blindly, Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu just took Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun, consumes is not small, the consumptions of other person also some varying degrees. Especially psychological assault of just landing to everybody was quite not actually small, first under stabilized the mind to say again other obviously were very necessary.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan, Xu Lizhi and Xie Xie first sit down to restore Soul Power. Other four people outside, on Tang Wulin Third Soul Ring shine, halo outward diffusions, Blue Silver Golden Light Wave. Has Element Peeling and community Control formidable Control Soul Skill.</p>

<p>„Zhengyu and Yuan En, you also rest, has me and Xinglan protects, should be enough.”</p>

<p>„Good!”</p>

<p>The Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun backlash effect started to appear, Yuan En Yehui and Le Zhengyu they, although cultivates for is not weak, but the consumption is not small. Especially formerly Le Zhengyu had used Sacrifice, the Life strength consumption is not small. To go to after just All-Out, at this time also was really somewhat exhausted.</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin eyes purple light glittering, the Purple Demon Eyes release, careful searching surroundings, he outward quietly is then proliferating own Blue Silver Emperor, is feeling Life aura on this islands.</p>

<p>Since his Spiritual Strength has achieved Spirit Abyss Realm, his sensation was strengthened before were too more. Especially and Blue Silver Emperor unifies mutually, can easily with all Plant communications.</p>

<p>In this time, suddenly, Xie Xie that sat down first has been opening the eye fiercely, said with amazement: „Why does not have Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, my Soul Power is unable to restore.”</p>

<p>His voice falls, other people also separately opened the eye, in the look have revealed color with amazement similarly.</p>

<p>Right, their feeling are exactly the same, in this jet black such as the islands of black ink, they have not felt any Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces existence.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart moves, hurries to feel with rapt attention. Yeah? Sky over this Devil Island turbulent, does not need Blue Silver Golden Light Wave, here itself passed through Element Peeling to be ordinary. All aura are usual, but Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces is actually nothing left.</p>

<p>Without Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces existence, they cannot absorb these energy restore own cultivation are. Soul Power will consume, only if their Soul Power does not use. But, is that also possible?</p>

<p>As Soul Master, cultivated for particularly has achieved Soul King stage Soul Master, they in influencing subtly will have certain Soul Power consumption, stimulated to movement Soul Power to protect the body became their normally life condition, let alone Mysterious Heaven Skill cultivate grew continually, Soul Power has revolved, although the escape consumption was few, but had. If absolutely does not have the Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces place in one, does not need to output Soul Power, their own Soul Power gradually will also vanish.</p>

<p>The Le Zhengyu discoloration said: „Is this legend place of taboo?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks to him, „what situation is the place of taboo?”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu sinking sound track: „Our Family ancient book has recorded, in ancient era, some places because of the particularity, was punished by God Realm, thus became the place of taboo. Was eliminated all Life existence possibilities. All Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces are unable in this place take shape. But, here clearly has Plant! If the restricted area, Plant should not existence be right.”</p>

  </body>
</html>