<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="876">#876: Sky Raising, Shooting Day</h2>
<p>Yun Ming lifted the hand, has not prevented eventually. This, he did not prevent.</p>

<p>takes a deep breath tone, Yun Ming calm gets hold of the hand of Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li, „I am Shrek sinner, but, I must preserve Shrek.”</p>

<p>The Sea God Island edge, the Tang Wulin seven people at this time is a complexion paleness.</p>

<p>The Outer City large explosion they can hear, can see that mushroom cloud that the distant place leaps similarly.</p>

<p>Their brains completely is a blank, matter that this is unable to imagine, where they do not even know the enemy. This terrifying disaster occurred.</p>

<p>The energy storm in Sky has not diverged as before, but that mushroom cloud actually does not know Devour many Life.</p>

<p>„Comes to Sea God Pavilion!” In this time, dignified sounds/voices is transmitting suddenly. Spreads to their ears.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hit to tremble smartly spirit , the market comes immediately, beckoned to companion, flushed away in the Sea God Pavilion direction fast.</p>

<p>Sea God Island not big, quick, before they arrived at the Sea God Pavilion Golden Tree room, saw hand in hand stands there Sky Raising Douluo and Holy Spirit Douluo.</p>

<p>Yun Ming is very calm, seems looks like anything has not occurred. Saw that the Tang Wulin seven people arrive, Yun Ming goes forward one step, arrives in front of him.</p>

<p>„From now on, regardless has anything, do not leave Sea God Pavilion. Goes, to inside.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stares, „Pavilion Master, please let us strive for Academy, we......”</p>

<p>„Shut up. Goes in!” The Yun Ming tian item shouted angrily suddenly, waved, terrifying energy has curled up seven people, sent in them Sea God Pavilion.</p>

<p>„Remember, you are the seeds of Academy, if had the worst case scenario. Future you, are the bases that Academy recovers.” Yun Ming sounds/voices reverberates in seven people of ears.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin discoloration, has situation gone bad to so the degree with amazement?</p>

<p>At this moment, Tang Wulin suddenly discovered that outside all turned into purple, does not have the omen turned into purple. That was Sky turned into purple, but Sky purple, shone upon the homochromy the earth.</p>

<p>Golden Tree jumps suddenly projects together radiant golden-colored ray of light, covers in which entire Shrek Academy Inner Court. The entire Sea God Pavilion location Golden Tree room has also shone. The unequalled rich Life strength lingers side them, prevents them unable to run out of Sea God Pavilion to go.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin clear incomparable seeing, when that terrifying purple appear(ance), in Sky, that bunch formerly the form that raised from Shrek Academy, all vanished in that purple unexpectedly, without a trace of disappearance, looked like disappears instantaneously general, from this world thorough erased.</p>

<p>Body of Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming obvious shivered, the next quarter, he is pulling Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li hand take-off, breaks in the upper air.</p>

<p>Airborne purple became even more rich, even linked golden-colored ray of light that the Golden Tree room bloomed also to start gradually to shatter.</p>

<p>Yun Ming erupts together the unequalled radiant brilliance, tries to clash from that purple, is, that purple light actually so fearful. Also at this moment, huge purple Skeleton appear(ance) in sky.</p>

<p>That purple Skeleton diameter has the kilometer fully, it opens mouth, a flame downward blowout. Top Skeleton, sits cross-legged to sit well nine people, is a black robe. On the black robe has near the green light forward, on them, is all ascending Nine Soul Rings. The person in most Nucleus place, in Nine Soul Rings, unexpectedly orange and four red, surplus also all are black.</p>

<p>„Yun Ming, cannot think that your Shrek also has today. Starting today, in society does not have Shrek again, in society does not have Tang Sect again.”</p>

<p>Huge purple Skeleton first dark-purple flame spurts to fall, collides with the Yun Ming (spear|gun) intent together.</p>

<p>Sky Raising Spear erupts the radiant brilliance instantaneously, ray of light that on under Golden Tree releases collects suddenly in the same place, falls on Yun Ming. Immediately, the body of Yun Ming whole person turned into bright golden-colored.</p>

<p>weighty and magnificent and expensive Four Word Battle Armor covers the whole body, he is at this moment common just like War God.</p>

<p>However, because just Golden Tree energy collects inward, strongly on his body, Tang Wulin they penetrates the window, helplessly looks, Golden Tree surroundings, all on Sea God Island in fast disintegration, under that terrifying purple ray of light shines breaks up.</p>

<p>„12th Rank, you dare to face universal condemnation unexpectedly, start 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell.” The Yun Ming roaring sound from the sky reverberates. energy fluctuation of terrifying in the explosion of entire Shrek Academy sky madness.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has tarried, his companion also dumbfounded.</p>

<p>Xie Xie does not dare to imagine completely, if own has not listened to Tang Wulin, arrives at Sea God Island promptly, will have what kind of disaster.</p>

<p>The distant place, ray of light shines together, that said that ray of light is green, position that terrifying green, it explodes, is Tang Sect General Headquarters.</p>

<p>Entire Shrek City, turned into a world of piece of death, bird's eye view from Sky, what can see, one green, one purple, vortex that two expand unceasingly in Devour surroundings all, unceasing expansion outward. Entire Shrek Inner City, in fast is vanishing from this world.</p>

<p>All protections, become meaningless between that green and purple.</p>

<p>Does not know many Life, in that terrifying energy storm wreaks havoc is vanishing.</p>

<p>The Golden Tree room is shivering, fierce is shivering, Tang Wulin only thought that at present all became illusory, since two big energy vortex take shape, he believes that own has been able to base in Soul Master. May at this moment, facing so the Tianwei general terrifying energy oppression, he only think own just like the ants.</p>

<p>If without a doubt, at this moment, they are outside the Golden Tree room, then, certainly by energy of that death Devour, certainly will become Sacrifice of this terrifying storm.</p>

<p>Ended, Shrek Academy ended.</p>

<p>Who can think that meets the appear(ance) so terrifying picture unexpectedly, Continent first Academy, Shrek that day does not fall, falls.</p>

<p>Golden Tree room fierce is shivering, unceasing flaking of outer layer golden light (Jin Guang) under that terrifying purple ray of light assault.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin remembers suddenly, initially Yun Ming once severe has said to him, because of his Fifth Soul Ring take shape, absorb Golden Tree room too many energy, makes Golden Tree room energy damage greatly. If own does not have absorb, whether energy of Golden Tree room can block this attack!</p>

<p>Ended, all ended.</p>

<p>golden-colored of Golden Tree room collapses finally thoroughly, that terrifying death energy made the Sea God Pavilion outer layer start irrelevant to shatter.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stubborn is biting the lip, stretches out the arms, keeps off in front of companion, bloomed his Golden Dragon Frantic Domain.</p>

<p>But he is very clear, in front of such terrifying Tianwei, own anything could not do, did not have the means to protect anybody.</p>

<p>„Sky Raising, Shooting Day!” At this moment, outside transmits sonic boom to drink suddenly.</p>

<p>This sounds/voices hurls the brain, making the terrifying pressure that the Tang Wulin seven people bore suddenly one light. Sea God Pavilion fragment(s) suddenly freeze outside disintegration, at this moment, like the entire space and time for it static.</p>

<p>In Sky, Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming complexion sinks to congeal tranquilly, but has the endless sadness in his eye pupil deep place.</p>

<p>Is Present Generation Sea God Pavilion Pavilion Master, actually must look at Shrek Academy to ruin helplessly in the own hand, more than 20,000 years of inheritance! Must cut off in light of this, his mood at this moment can be imagined.</p>

<p>12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, this is attack how regardless of being unable to judge.</p>

<p>The ultimate weapon that present age, this was studied altogether has three, in entire Humanity historical also only then three, for these three 12th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, Federation made innumerably finally has developed diligently successfully, but Federation once announced at that time that will stop the persistent research and development of this type of Super Rank devastating weapon, by Douluo Continent resources, was impossible manufacture to leave fourth again.</p>

  </body>
</html>