<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="874">#874: Attack suddenly to</h2>
<p>Also not only so, in the next room, unexpectedly also has another exactly the same place, but, in that room, that existence of central Nucleus position is actually all over the body ink-green, demon mark strange changeable.</p>

<p>Hundred black-clothed person of addendum circle, are 12 Soul Douluo rank Elite of inner loop, their bodies gradually are becoming because of the outflow of energy withered, may in these two rooms, not have least bit sounds/voices to spread throughout.</p>

<p>Tang Sect.</p>

<p>After Guo Xiaoxu has processed a series of official business, in the eye is revealing color looking pensive. In this time, vigorous sounds/voices is transmitting.</p>

<p>„Does Xiaoxu, what think? Such is enthralled, all right do our two brothers drink one cup to go?” Tang Sect Outer Three Halls Strength Hall Hall Master Zhao Song walked from outside, feels own big bald, on face with a laugh.</p>

<p>He and Guo Xiaoxu relate extremely good, their age is similar, the past years was together cultivate companion, was only afterward cultivate choice of direction different that's all, simultaneously joined Tang Sect, afterward became the Tang Sect high levels. Although Guo Xiaoxu be higher than Zhao Song in the Tang Sect status, but this has not affected among them the brothers friendship.</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu said: „Does not drink. In the gate the matter were too recently many, two Hall Master both were not, Worship Hall that side Worshipped was ineffective, can only be I comes.”</p>

<p>Zhao Song said: „That side Heaven Dou City hasn't processed? Wasn't that side aftermath was similar?”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu sighed, said: „Holy Spirit Cult went into hiding these many year again appear(ance), the organization is strict. Although Heaven Dou City that side aftermath was near the end, but, where we actually cannot discover the Holy Spirit Cult main force. Before Vice Hall Master assumed personal command in that side personally, has not discovered the clue as before, but caught cat 2-3 that's all. According to Hall Master analysis, this Holy Spirit Cult recently so large-scale motion, not only certainly aims at Heaven Dou City, where has the possibility, therefore, we must maintain vigilant are good.”</p>

<p>Zhao Song brow slightly pressed, „said is also, this group of hateful bastards. Do not let me find them, making me bump into, must twist to make the chamber pot their heads.”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu he he smiles, „you you, are that temperament. Outside you hall also sufficed recently busily, ok, I accompany you to drink one cup. This relaxation time, must relax. Liang Xiaoyu? Called him together.”</p>

<p>„Good.”</p>

<p>As the night falls, Tang Sect also gradually peaceful.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has completed the forging practice of own, walks from Forging Room, only thinks outside darkness. Looks up to Sky.</p>

<p>Tonight the night violent wind filled with dust is high, Star Dou all does not have, to human an intense depression.</p>

<p>At this moment, that colored gem in his wrist once again scalding hot, moreover compared with former more intense many, making Tang Wulin almost directly fling to fly it.</p>

<p>What's the matter? Tang Wulin hurries to look down.</p>

<p>In the dim light of night looks is clearer, that colored gem turned into piece of blood-red at this moment unexpectedly, an intense sense of fear, raises from the Tang Wulin moral nature along with it.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>warning sign(s), certainly is warning sign(s). Certainly has any matter to occur.</p>

<p>If daytime time he can also comfort own, may at this moment, this feeling really be too intense, is unable to neglect to him intensely again.</p>

<p>Personal appearance glittering, the Tang Wulin whole person leapt up, directly soars the Sea God Island direction to go, simultaneously has dialed Xie Xie Soul Guide Communication Device fast.</p>

<p>„Xie Xie, are you doing?” Tang Wulin rapid asking.</p>

<p>„Just prepared to start meditation! How Boss? Has any matter to say tomorrow again. Yuan En promises me, today lets me with her together meditation, hey.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin anxious sound track: „First other meditation, you called Yuan En, then called other people, immediately arrives at Sea God Island. I have not the good premonition, perhaps has any matter to occur.”</p>

<p>„? Boss, what matter? Can you affirm? So was late, but also called everybody?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin gets angry: „Makes you call you quickly. I did not determine that what happened, but felt that is not very really right. You quickly, we concentrate on Sea God Island.”</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Sea God Island is the safest place.</p>

<p>Xie Xie trusts Tang Wulin after all extremely, hears under the word, hurries saying: „Good, then sees on Sea God Island, we pass immediately.”</p>

<p>Hung up the communication, Tang Wulin arrived at the Sea God lake lakeside, the point of tip of the toe gently in the ground, the human already in the surging waves lake. Goes in the Sea God Island direction fast.</p>

<p>At this moment, the jet black nighttime sky had glistened suddenly, Tang Wulin while toward the Sea God Island rapid vanguard, looks up.</p>

<p>He saw strange one, in Sky, bunch of ray of light are entraining the enchanting eye-catching tail flame, is coming from out of the blue, that ray of light becomes more and more intense, clearly arrives in the Shrek Academy direction.</p>

<p>Missile? Or is Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell? The enemies raid, is the enemy raids unexpectedly!</p>

<p>Shrek City, is the entire Continent first big city, Shrek Academy itself, although is only Academy, but also has the own army in Shrek City, is the Shrek army specially. The population are not many, only then 30,000 people, this is Federation permits the Shrek City army population limit, but actually all well-equipped, only Mecha Master has 5000 people, entire five Mecha Master.</p>

<p>In addition Shrek Academy numerous summits go against the big energy, the Twenty-thousand Years history, here is honored as Shrek that does not fall.</p>

<p>Who can think that some people dare to initiate attack to Shrek City unexpectedly, but that is similar to the meteor shower common missile group, seems has over a hundred unexpectedly fully.</p>

<p>Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell can far, but, the missile defense system in Shrek City is not the ornaments! If these arrive at pill are really come from city, from Shrek City certain range, sufficiently was destroyed.</p>

<p>But, these missiles actually arrived at sky over Shrek Academy, moreover looks at such, the missile is scattered, covers entire Shrek City Inner City sufficiently.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks at that just like the meteor shower common missile group, the whole person in the instantaneous delay. What situation is this? The own very soon had a premonition that is unexpectedly correct, unexpectedly real appear(ance) in view of the attack of Shrek, this was simply inconceivable!</p>

<p>Also at this moment, Light and Shadow rise straight from the ground from the Sea God Island direction, breaks in the upper air instantaneously. At the beginning only then seven forms raised, dozens forms followed take-off.</p>

<p>That impressively is the Shrek Academy Inner Court numerous position big energy.</p>

<p>Seven ray of light that raises first are most eye-catching, each ray of light is containing huge might, with their take-off, other ray of light is also in abundance take-off and dispersing, welcomed to that Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell that airborne dropped.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin is conscientious, falls , on Sea God Island, in Sky the first sound thundered also to make a sound.</p>

<p>Fierce thundering and explosion, look like giant fireworks, is similar to the daytime of sky over entire Sea God Island shining.</p>

<p>The good terrifying explosive force, is this at least also 7th Rank above Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell? Tang Wulin dumbfounded looks, but this time he, is actually anything busy cannot add on, has not arrived at Two Word Battle Armor, he did not have flying ability, can only look helplessly Inner Court Teacher(s) and Senior meet the approaching enemy the powerful enemy.</p>

<p>„Bang, bang. Bang” one after another thunders to resound, in Sky brilliant fireworks blast out.</p>

<p>Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell before Ten-thousand Years is most terrifying weapon, 7th Rank above Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell is induced as existence of strategic weapon.</p>

<p>But at this moment, explodes in the upper air, actually does not have Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell to be lower than 7th Rank.</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>