<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="885">#885: Crush double beast</h2>
<p>Scarlet Fire Monkey King sees Tang Wulin after Transformation, particularly after listening to him formerly that dragon roar, turns around runs. Changes into together [gold/metal] red Light and Shadow, in an instant already beyond kilometer.</p>

<p>Another side Emerald Demon Bird speed compares it to be quicker. Since the tribal group was extinguished, these surviving many Emerald Demon Bird are good at protecting own, saw that front match suddenly aura becomes so formidable, when at this time doesn't run treats?</p>

<p>Runs?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has despised this pair of Soul Beast, in just, them almost let the person who he lost most loved!</p>

<p>The right hand wields in the Emerald Demon Bird direction void, the air has stagnated suddenly, terrifying energy madness surges. Emerald Demon Bird speed like lightning, looked like drills into glue water to be ordinary suddenly, is struggling forwarding, but speed actually did not know slowly many times.</p>

<p>A Tang Wulin back Seven-colored Dragon wing racket, the next quarter, the human arrived in front of Emerald Demon Bird, the Seven-colored Dragon claw lays out, direct racket to the body of Emerald Demon Bird.</p>

<p>That Emerald Demon Bird was also, the body blue light put suddenly greatly, blooms bluish-green ring of light, the Seven-colored Dragon claw strikes on ring of light, immediately burst out the ear-piercing fulmination sound. bluish-green ring of light to shatter, but the Seven-colored Dragon claw of Tang Wulin was shot unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Must know that in the Divine Dragon Transformation condition, Tang Wulin this time cultivation to at least promote three big stage, in other words, present he, has been equal to Soul Douluo level Elite, moreover when the power of strength of bloodline, compared with alone is his Golden Dragon King bloodline does not know terrifying many times.</p>

<p>This Emerald Demon Bird is really out of the ordinary, can block own to strike unexpectedly.</p>

<p>But also in next quarter, in Tang Wulin that Seven-colored Dragon claw palm, actually ripples one group of seven-colored vortex.</p>

<p>That seven-colored vortex appear(ance) instant, Emerald Demon Bird bluish-green ray of light instantaneous large scale weaken, it is also calls out in grief one, directly was attracted to fly toward the Tang Wulin dragon claw place that absorbs.</p>

<p>Element Peeling!</p>

<p>This without doubt from Gu Yue ability, Emerald Demon Bird is Wind Attribute Soul Beast, is due to the promotion of wind, it can achieve that terrifying High-speed.</p>

<p>speed quick Soul Beast has two species generally, either is Spatial Attribute, either is Wind Attribute. Spatial Attribute excels at explosive nature increases speed, ever changing. But Wind Attribute Soul Beast had been inferior in fields, but their speed linearity are also more lasting. Excels at various flying Transformation.</p>

<p>But wind or spatial, in front of Element Peeling, their stripped, not only surroundings spatial Element(s), in the Divine Dragon Transformation condition, the Element Peeling might is strips directly Element(s) energy that their own has.</p>

<p>Lost the Wind Element in addition to hold, the Emerald Demon Bird strength drop significantly suddenly.</p>

<p>Saw that it must fall into the Tang Wulin palm. But that Emerald Demon Bird turns head suddenly, the a pair of eye pupil turned into scarlet-red completely, the next quarter, its deep green body turned suddenly fiery red, wind and fire Dual Attributes?</p>

<p>After flaming-red maintains instantaneous, turns into green-blue. All these are among the moment occur. But Tang Wulin actually obviously feels that own Element Peeling attracted unexpectedly is motionless it.</p>

<p>wind and fire Dual Attributes? Resists Element Peeling with the aid of own within the body Flame Vortex. Although this can only continue very short time, actually also gave this only Emerald Demon Bird to catch the opportunity of going on living.</p>

<p>pair of wings All-Out flaps, Emerald Demon Bird speed increases suddenly, the proboscis is becomes slender, looks like the Humanity person sword unites general, suddenly toward front suddenly to launch. In that flash that it increases speed, bursts out intense thundering because of the breakthrough sonic barrier unexpectedly, obviously it has regarding the escape at this moment rigid how.</p>

<p>This is Tang Wulin has seen speed quickest Soul Beast, is, at this moment, in any event, him cannot make it run away.</p>

<p>Some this kind of powerful enemy links raise in the side, its speed such rapidness, this time can escape the disaster, next time? Once Gu Yue is far from own, was attacked by it, must make own cherish hatred.</p>

<p>Therefore, instant, the left hand of Tang Wulin when that Emerald Demon Bird increases speed once more has struck in airborne.</p>

<p>In an instant, spatial caves, surroundings Plant stagnates obviously, but airborne instantaneous appear(ance) black hole.</p>

<p>Under Tang Wulin at this time in the Divine Dragon Transformation in addition holds, regarding energy Control is as wonderful as summit, that diameter one meter black hole, just covers in which Emerald Demon Bird. speed of its breakthrough sonic barrier, entrains in this terrifying, has stopped instantaneously.</p>

<p>Also is this stop, Dark Gold Fearful Claw of Tang Wulin right hand has patted.</p>

<p>Exaggerated seven colors Dark Gold Fearful Claw, the coverage scope has been being the terrifying 50 meters. Five 50 meters dark [gold/metal] Weigu, seven-colored drop from the clouds for the light blade edge of glow, as if to destroy the heavens and exterminate the land is ordinary, struck against the ground it directly.</p>

<p>„Bang” the body of Emerald Demon Bird is almost the tumbling whereabouts place, the emerald-green feather from the sky disperses, what makes Tang Wulin surprised is, this is to depend upon speed Soul Beast obviously, the body intensity unexpectedly is such formidable. Under Divine Dragon Transformation Dark Gold Fearful Claw that in this All-Out to go, unexpectedly has not died. Struck has fainted, the body has left behind a scar, actually sees the bone, is not fatal.</p>

<p>Cannot attend to makes up to it, the Tang Wulin right hand wields, grasps into Emerald Demon Bird the palm. Simultaneously swings the body in a flash, body silver light dodges, next already beyond kilometer, after so several times, front scarlet-red form already at present.</p>

<p>„Gives me to get down!” Drinks in the sound coldly, the Tang Wulin left hand wields like lightning, [gold/metal] instantaneous flash goes together, airborne Scarlet Fire Monkey King is screaming one in High-speed is running quickly, seems wants to fend. May at this moment, it only think that own body surroundings, as if some innumerable energy extrusions come, surroundings all turned into seven colors, its body in the instance of stop, that said [gold/metal] already accurate incomparable has punctured from it.</p>

<p>Strong Life strength madness injects into Tang Wulin within the body, these are supplementing the consumption of his body after Golden Dragon Spear refining powerful bloodline energy fully.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin also along with it dropping from the clouds, the back Seven-colored Dragon wing opens, falls in the ground.</p>

<p>In time that Scarlet Fire Monkey King in short several times breathe, by clean of Golden Dragon Spear Devour, only remaining leather bags.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Spear as before is golden-colored, but the (spear|gun) glow actually assumes seven-colored, it obviously be much quicker than the normal condition to Devour speed of Life strength.</p>

<p>Such that just like Tang Wulin expects, Scarlet Fire Monkey King died, has not given his Soul Ring to increase Spiritual Power to cultivate is, but is condenses one jet black such as Soul Ring of black ink above the body.</p>

<p>Ten-thousand Years Soul Ring! This is genuine Soul Beast.</p>

<p>The takes a deep breath tone, the Tang Wulin thought just moved, he felt that strength rapid passes from within the body, the form separates together from him, his hurrying left hand holds in the arms her slender waist, is pretty face pale white Gu Yue.</p>

<p>At this moment, she besides some complexion pale white, seems also somewhat received to frighten, is winking the big eye, pours down the appearance that wants to sob.</p>

<p>Intermittent weak transmission, what makes Tang Wulin surprised is, before this time does not have , when they display Divine Dragon Transformation that type intense to wanting weak of stupor. Perhaps because of absorb the Ten-thousand Years Scarlet Fire Monkey King Life strength, he thought that own can also be able to support, at least also 30% cultivate for.</p>

<p>Fortunately!</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird that in his hand also one endlessly all solves, if on such stupor, once Emerald Demon Bird restores to come, that may be big troublesome.</p>

<p>Loosens surrounds the hand of Gu Yue, the Tang Wulin left hand lifts, pats directly toward Emerald Demon Bird on.</p>

<p>„Daddy, does not want!” Gu Yue called out in alarm, making Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Claw stop in Emerald Demon Bird top of the head.</p>

<p>„How?” Looks at Gu Yue, Tang Wulin panic-stricken in look vanished at this time, surplus, only then wild with joy.</p>

<p>When initially Gu Yue had saved him in Shrek Academy facing Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell appear(ance), has made Tang Wulin believe very that this is comes through own to his Silver Dragon scales transmission because of her, thus guessed that 70% possibilities, this look is similar to the Na'er young girl is the Gu Yue words. Then, he basically can 100% affirmations, the front be Gu Yue now. If, this Divine Dragon Transformation doesn't come from where? What also has to confirm the status compared with Martial Soul Fusion Technique?</p>

<p>Gu Yue goes forward two steps, has held Emerald Demon Bird from the Tang Wulin bosom, „it is quite lovable! Don't injure it to be good?”</p>

<p>Listened to Gu Yue these words, Tang Wulin under foot to stagger.</p>

<p>Lovable? Is this Little Thing, just may almost slurp her brain matter! She actually said that it is lovable?</p>

<p>However, until this time, Tang Wulin has the opportunity carefully looks at this only Emerald Demon Bird appearance.</p>

<p>That Emerald Demon Bird truly can describe with the adorable son. Its height ruler, all over the body the bluish-green feather is common just like Jade, the proboscis is deep green is bringing light golden-colored, seems very insightful, the personal appearance is slender, streamline excellent. Truly was attractive to Peak. Is closing both eyes, the eyelid is also light golden-colored. The back also has the golden-colored trace together to extend from the top of the head rear.</p>

  </body>
</html>