<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="846">#846: Shen Xing Nightmare</h2>
<p>Le Zhengyu, Xu Lizhi, Xie Xie, Yuan En Yehui, Ye Xinglan and Xu Xiaoyan, six people all relaxed. Finally can leave? Entire two years! Here, they were really sufficed.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks at numerous position Old Devil, why does not know, from their look, he saw desolate.</p>

<p>„older generation(s), can you only continuously on Devil Island? Doesn't have what means to make you leave here really? What demand you have, can I help you?”</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil shook the head, Disillusioned Old Devil he he smiles, „good intention declined with thanks. We are just the energy shapes, once leaves here, without Ruin and protection of Life energy, we will be frightened out of one's wits immediately. Although after arriving here, we that lonely. However, here all also made us have long Life. gains and losses. If, you want, can come back to have a look at us actually. of course, wants to realize a next beforehand experience again, not impossible.”</p>

<p>„Captain, we walk quickly!” Le Zhengyu draws Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin corners of the mouth have twitched, then suddenly shouted to clear the way: „Shrek Seven Monsters, stands at attention.”</p>

<p>Other six people have stood with him immediately the body. Tang Wulin serious [say / way]: „Bows!”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„!” Shen Xing fierce sat from the bed, big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath.</p>

<p>This does not know that was she many time awakens from Nightmare for the recent several months.</p>

<p>Dreamland that real, she goes to the routine inspection Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell warehouse, has actually encountered the completely unexpected paroxysmal incident. That fellow, that so clear face, he has held under duress her, has threatened Elder Sister. Was bringing on own Sky Flyer 17, finally that bastard unexpectedly directly the own ejection.</p>

<p>The conclusion of Nightmare was the upper air fierce weightlessness feeling, Shen Xing still clearly remembers each time that first own awakened from Nightmare, unexpectedly disgraced incontinence. This is too really unacceptable.</p>

<p>That fellow is genuine existence, he once was grasped in the regiment with his companion, afterward also truly kidnapped aircraft to run away. But, these and own not any relations! own has not had any occurring together with him, why does evil Nightmare is actually own.</p>

<p>What is more strange, Elder Sister also has made similar Nightmare. Tallies with the own dreamland.</p>

<p>Damn and damn! Get lost from my dreamland quickly!</p>

<p>The thump that Shen Xing makes an effort has struck two mattresses, really somewhat could not fall asleep.</p>

<p>Stands up from failure to sit up, puts on the military uniform, before arriving at the mirror, has illuminated the photo. Because the sleep is unsatisfactory, recently she has been hanging the dark pouche. The daytime training has sufficed laboriously, comes back to go right to sleep, this is always her life became a habit. But she wants to sleep now difficultly actually that. Has to be used for meditation many time.</p>

<p>Shen Xing decided to exit to ventilate, ventilates later comes back meditation to be good, at least meditation will not have a dream.</p>

<p>That hateful fellow went to Devil Island, he best not to come back, otherwise, for own Nightmare, must teach him well!</p>

<p>Goes out of Dormitory, Shen Xing flaneries in the base is walking. Although she rank is not high, but is grasping very important supervision duty, the place visited, the soldier of patrol sees her, salutes all immediately.</p>

<p>North Sea Corps adjoins to sea, the sea breeze makes night to become cool. Catches a chill, in Shen Xing heart worried weakened several points.</p>

<p>„Well, how I arrived here to come.” She discovered with amazement that own has arrived at the warehouse in dreamland unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Is storing up Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell that place.</p>

<p>Shen Xing wrinkled frown, „really damn.” She turned around just to walk, actually stopped the footsteps.</p>

<p>Might as well have a look, perhaps, has a look to the place of dreamland, own can also alleviate some. Otherwise, always somewhat could not distinguish clearly is dreamland is the real feeling is really too painful.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, she entered the warehouse without consulting anybody. Is relying on high-grade Identification Card, she rides the elevator to arrive quickly underground.</p>

<p>The soldiers who guards see her, salutes in abundance. Gazes after her to arrive at the warehouse respectfully.</p>

<p>„Did Staff Officer Shen, such late also investigate?” The major who is responsible for the storage management smiles was saying.</p>

<p>Although Shen Xing is very beautiful, but he does not dare to have any improper ambition, but this own Younger Sister of armed forces regimental commander, the status is extremely high. Is gold-plated in the regiment, it is said that will be recalled that side the military headquarters to redistribute quickly.</p>

<p>„Um, has a look.” Nod of Shen Xing not false speech and countenance.</p>

<p>„Good, come, opens the door.”</p>

<p>Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell this and other important warehouses need three keys and special passwords can open large door. Two have the captain of key to be called by the major, in addition the special password, after as well as scanned the retina of Shen Xing. Warehouse large door slowly opens.</p>

<p>Is depositing these many Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell warehouses, itself has air/Qi of invisible withering. Although here not that genuine Super Rank strategic Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. But the value is also huge. Is one of the North Sea Corps most important several warehouses.</p>

<p>Enters the warehouse, the familiar feeling in dreamland arises spontaneously. Because can the dream come here daily, Shen Xing to here familiar feeling also naturally specially will be intense.</p>

<p>Walks in the warehouse, Shen Xing somewhat absent-minded looks at surroundings artillery shell. Suddenly, she stopped the footsteps subconsciously, „here should have four 5th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. How not to have. Leaves the storehouse record to show me.”</p>

<p>She stops the place of footsteps, is just a rack, above artillery shell piles up neatly. But in the Shen Xing memory, here should have four Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell is right. Because she remembers very clearly, in the dreamland, after that bastard held under duress own, once brought own to hide the moment here, therefore she remembered specially clearly.</p>

<p>However, after asking these words, she regrets immediately. That after is the dreamland! own actually in the reality inquired that the matter of dreamland, this may really be......</p>

<p>However, the side has not replied sound to transmit, Shen Xing subconscious turning around looked that is responsible for the major in warehouse to that saw that is actually the shock in his eyes flashing past.</p>

<p>She knows that here does have four 5th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell? This is impossible! Her previous time came to here is the several months ago matters.</p>

<p>Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell according to the category and rank, has strict storage stipulation, cannot change the position casually, only if takes away the service.</p>

<p>„I asked you.” Shen Xing is intelligent, has realized immediately the issue, closely examines rapidly, sounds/voices also becomes severe.</p>

<p>That major hurries to compensate to say with a smile: „artillery shell was taken away to serve, leaves the storehouse to record you to want wait a moment, I must move to take am good.”</p>

<p>Shen Xing said: „Immediately, gives me immediately.”</p>

<p>The major hurries to nod again and again, „you wait a bit, my this goes.” At the same time was saying, he has turned around, under signaled with the eyes to that two captains.</p>

<p>Three people of half steps walk together outward.</p>

<p>„How also to go, making a person go on the line.” Shen Xing shouted to clear the way.</p>

<p>„Good.” The major stops the footsteps, when he has turned around, suddenly, ray of light dodges. Shen Xing only thought that the whole body trembles, the intense feeling lacking in vigilance spreads over whole body each corner instantaneously, her body slowly is also soft but actually.</p>

<p>She stared in a big way eye subconsciously, cannot believe that this was real.</p>

<p>Person who can take the Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell warehouse manager, that must pass through the strict political investigation absolutely, what without a doubt is, at present this having problems, not only he, under his two famous artisans is also so.</p>

<p>complexion of major becomes somewhat fierce, arrives in front of Shen Xing quickly, one has gotten down her front communications device on entraining. Because makes an effort , both were entraining uppermost the Shen Xing military uniform two buttons.</p>

<p>The button falls to the ground, reveals the Shen Xing front to wipe snow white, but this time whole body is lacking in vigilance, called unable to call continually.</p>

<p>The breath of warehouse manager somewhat is obviously rapid, „why, why you can remember that clearly. Even if I, is impossible to remember on each rack have many artillery shell.”</p>

<p>Shen Xing has no way to speak, can only gaze at fixedly him with the severe look.</p>

<p>A warehouse manager face dejected [say / way]: „I do not want, I to know like this resells Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell is the how serious crime. But, I have no alternative but such to do, my family member had been seized by them, my son also in their hands. I do not have the means that I do not have the means. I must walk. Staff Officer Shen, is strange, blames your own. Who makes you mind others'business. I will take away you together, you are own Younger Sister of general, believes that for them will be certainly valuable, this should be able to take to me more advantage. You hold Staff Officer Shen, we must walk immediately, in the evening, informs our fleeing passageway luckily quickly, making them prepare, our leaves.”</p>

<p>------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>