<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="824">#824: Tour in the past?</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin has stagnated stagnation, finally does not have second time to begin again. He gets angry exclaims: „Do you want to do?”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil shrugs the arm, „doesn't do, but does not like looking at your happy appearance. Remember, I am devil(s), devil(s) only likes looking at others' pain and sadness, makes me see your joyful appearance again, I make you know that anything is called to forsee the concomitant tragedy.”</p>

<p>The breath of Tang Wulin somewhat is obviously rapid, looks at front Nightmare Old Devil, he never has such to hate a person, may at this moment, in his heart actually wish one could to rip fragment(s) front this fellow.</p>

<p>Not only he suffers his body, but also suffers his heart.</p>

<p>„Actually you how are willing to put my companion to come out.” Tang Wulin exclaimed lowly.</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that Nightmare Old Devil disdains: „That must think your performance, but steals aircraft, you think that I can let off them? Actually, I very much have wanted to have a look, after Mating under their this interlocking, what mood can they be? I have been suppressing the hope of own innermost feelings for you, you should thank me to be right. You have a look, you now this is any expression, quick, smiles one to show me, otherwise, I make the gas cloud disperse.”</p>

<p>„You......” Tang Wulin have nearly bitten a steel tooth, Control that he tries hard the own mood, on the face was revealing a smiling face reluctantly.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil arrives in front of him, has patted his shoulder, „, this is right. Good, you will start next segment. I think that what next segment is? Since could not stump you from the airborne past, then, then, swam in the past, when you swam the past, stole aircraft to come back to the opposite shore, I let off your companion.”</p>

<p>Tour in the past? A Tang Wulin pupil contraction.</p>

<p>What meaning was the tour in the past? Must from that black the middle reaches of sea area in the past, fill from that to all energy Devour several hundred meters sea area tours in the past. Even if so, 30 kilometers sea must cross, in that sea does not know that has many Sea Soul Beast existence.</p>

<p>Can make Federation send a regiment to protect here, but also has established that formidable defense fortification, the Sea Soul Beast strength in this sea can be imagined. Can own swim really in the past?</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil lifts the hand, black crystal has flown in front of Tang Wulin together.</p>

<p>„This is my Nightmare Crystal, when you felt own cannot support, pours into which Soul Power, naturally will return to here. Good, then looks at your own. However, if time is too long, perhaps which day, my being able help made them bring to me joyfully, quack!”</p>

<p>In a series of strange laughter, Nightmare Old Devil vanished baseless.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gotten hold of Nightmare Crystal in hand, the breath obviously becomes rapid.</p>

<p>He does not fear difficultly, does not fear challenge. However, saw that Nightmare Old Devil likely is not the person who keeps the commitment.</p>

<p>However, what means does he have? Facing the threat of Nightmare Old Devil, he can only do according to his words. Nightmare Old Devil held in his innermost feelings the frailest place, for companion, for everybody, he does not have other means.</p>

<p>Swimming Tang Wulin meeting, but, passes through sea facing that many Sea Soul Beast, this was really extremely difficult. Let alone, in sea another side, is the North Sea Corps defense fortification, he does not doubt, that moment when own comes ashore, will face the North Sea Corps Soul Guide Cannon crazy bang to explode randomly.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath, his clothes were soaked by the sweat once again. In his mind full is frightened, body even not by the Control convulsion.</p>

<p>„Waste, you simply is a waste. You said that you are useful. If did not look that you make the this place like plumply and fair-complected very much, I already made you cut the sliced meat to rinse thinly am eating.”</p>

<p>„Also can see from the appearance of your this waste, in the past, you hide certainly in others behind. Some dangerous always others keep off for you, you said that what you are competent? Cannot exit including 300 meters Ruin sea area, when can you go to the opposite shore? aircraft driving, you used three months of time reluctantly to withstand, unexpectedly also not thin. Waste and waste! Simply is the waste is not good. Your this, can you steal aircraft? Ok, the old man looks for some pleasure from other place.”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi loud is panting for breath, then he sees, front appear(ance) a picture, in picture, only then two people, one group of strong red fog has lifteds open, covers in that two people.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan and Xie Xie.</p>

<p>„” Did not see that the body of Ye Xinglan starts to sway from side to side, as if regained consciousness from the stupor, another side Xie Xie body starts to shiver, clothes gradually to shatter. In the Xu Lizhi mouth erupts not roaring of sounds of people immediately.</p>

<p>He rending general was roaring, „did not want and to ask you not want. I go all out, I to try hard. I can certainly swim to the opposite shore go. Certainly. Asked you, stopped quickly, stopped quickly!”</p>

<p>He „puff passes” one to kneel down in front of Nightmare Old Devil, the whole body keeps shivering. His heart must collapse, if because of the hopes, he has not wanted to live really in this world.</p>

<p>„!” The iron fence dropped from the clouds together, blocks plunged Ye Xinglan Xie Xie.</p>

<p>„Goes to sea!” Nightmare Old Devil lets somebody cool off or calm down said to Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>„” Xu Lizhi roars, both eyes red flushes away to that jet black such as the devil(s) sea of black ink. His madness is waving the arm, while within the body energy by rapid absorb, going all out swims away toward sea.</p>

<p>The wave ripples, he that obese body actually erupted the extremely astonishing potential in this moment, the sea water dispelled to the both sides, was getting more and more weak, but his spiritual was extremely stimulated, if in cannot run out of Sea of Ruin, Sister Xinglan wanted......</p>

<p>The formidable thought is supporting him, within the body Soul Power comprehensive eruption, his nearly madness is swimming.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil stands in the shore, the corners of the mouth place is revealing the Evil smiling face. That presents Ye Xinglan and Xie Xie picture comes to naught to vanish without the trace, saw that Xu Lizhi was ran out of that jet black sea area unexpectedly, finally has drilled into luxuriant blue sea.</p>

<p>But quick, only Sea Soul Beast on appear(ance) before him.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi madness is waving the arm, Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon and Mysterious Jade Hands, under various Tang Sect secret arts in his All-Out erupts, made in sea appear(ance) vortex. Sea Soul Beast was only torn into shreds by him, his All-Out to go to overruns to the deep place. Until, the bunch of blood fog in body appear(ance), wounds burst open on the body.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Lies on the beach, Tang Wulin moves does not want to move, his whole person as if has disrupted came. He also clear remembering, in just that flickered, he has even felt the advantage tooth of that only giant devil(s) fish to prick the feeling of own skin.</p>

<p>Even if the golden dragon scales piece cannot block that terrifying Devour, Demon crystal led him in the final moment, but he is actually exhausted.</p>

<p>Is relying on own cultivation for with the ingenious application of Blue Silver Emperor, he can run out of Sea of Ruin. But, outside sea area, although has rich Life aura, is actually fearful.</p>

<p>In that piece of sea, absolutely does not have Hundred Year one cultivates for Sea Soul Beast, because Hundred Year one cultivates for Sea Soul Beast perhaps already became these formidable Sea Soul Beast desserts.</p>

<p>Each Sea Soul Beast is such terrifying, they form groups. Can frighten many colleagues on the land Golden Dragon King bloodline aura, is very limited in the role that in sea can play. Tang Wulin has put together completely All-Out. But, can only go forward 500 meters in sea, finally the strength uses up, cannot resist Sea Soul Beast attack.</p>

<p>Sea Soul Beast is limitless, making him unable to see the hope. He has gone all out to slaughter reckless, but always has and more formidable Sea Soul Beast appear(ance).</p>

<p>It is not good, I am incorrect! Even if I can become Titled Douluo, perhaps cannot run out of this sea area. In the heart of Tang Wulin started somewhat dejected. But whenever, at this time, he will think about own companion. If own is unable to overrun, companion can......</p>

<p>Thinks of here, his heart clutches suddenly tightly, subconscious stands up from failure to sit up.</p>

<p>A person came from the distance, arrived in front of Tang Wulin to sit.</p>

<p>Sees him, Tang Wulin has gawked, because comes is not Nightmare Old Devil, but is not his companion. Arrived here to be so long, he was second time sees this.</p>

<p>„older generation(s)!”</p>

<p>On the beard and hair white Disillusioned Old Devil face throughout is all having the genial smile, „your matter I knew. Nightmare simply was too despicable.” At the same time was saying, on his face revealed the hating bitterly expression.</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket, recommended the ticket, tomorrow can go home. Really recently had come across specially specially the difficulties matter, hopes that the new year will be good. Also blessed everybody health.</p>

  </body>
</html>