<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="845">#845: Should leave</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin hurries to regard with rapt attention, he discovered immediately, Soul Power vortex of own within the body also, that green and purple luminous spot also. Thing that these learn, profound brand mark in his mind.</p>

<p>This illusion was really too fearful, own really might live more than one year of time in the mirage.</p>

<p>„The time speed of flow in illusion, only then one-fourth of outside, therefore you just come here three months of time.” Greedy Old Devil said.</p>

<p>„Your companion have not completed complete Test, they also need some time. I must tell you am, before completing completely Test, words that ahead of time ended, for them is not the good deed. They need the complete process, needs to reconstruct at heart, for example that boy.” Nightmare Old Devil has referred to Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin recalls to mind the Le Zhengyu pitiful bitter experience immediately, has a look at surroundings seven Old Devil, in this time heart was believes.</p>

<p>„Good, I told you. First, I do not know Life Tide and Ruin Tide that really you said how were inspired. I am only when finished meditation, suddenly felt that body surroundings Life energy becomes intense. Then starts to see a strange picture.”</p>

<p>At that moment, Tang Wulin in all said that in mirage saw own in detail, in this period, but has concealed finally appear(ance) that two luminous spots in own Soul Power vortex.</p>

<p>In his heart also has vigilance as before, of course cannot all say. But similarly, said these that own saw, he also hopes that can listen to Old Devil analysis, they most understood that on Devil Island Life and Ruin energy person, their analysis without doubt were also most reasonable.</p>

<p>Listened to narration of Tang Wulin, seven Old Devil frowning of as if by prior agreement, as if are with hardship are thinking.</p>

<p>„Without a doubt, purple should be Ruin, what green is Life. Even if also you see in illusion likely is the projection of Goddess of Life and God of Ruin, but makes the place that they can protect have one, that is God Realm. Perhaps, these that you see, why we cannot induce the God Realm reason. This was really too important. I will record in detail, after you who you narrate go back, delivers to Sea God Pavilion, making Sea God Pavilion Master scrutinize.” Greedy Old Devil stern said.</p>

<p>„Good.” Tang Wulin nodded immediately.</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil said: „Does not know why you will inspire these, did you have other feeling at that time? What is that golden-colored luminous spot?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „I do not know, when I see that golden-colored luminous spot, thought that the mood fluctuation of own is very big, seems very moved, as if has met feeling of any painful event. A little when looks like initially my Parents suddenly left the feeling.”</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil nods the head slightly, „this has felt strange, but also very difficult analysis. Like this, you continue here meditation, has a look also to enter that condition once more, feels illusion, here waits for your companion. However, Nightmare illusion, so long as came out you unable to go back, you here waited.”</p>

<p>„Good.” Tang Wulin complies immediately, then he looked to Devour Old Devil, „our these delicious, real? Also?”</p>

<p>„, Has not had. Your boy ate me poorly. Do you know how many good things you have eaten? Here Life energy is so rich, does not need to eat. Your own cultivate goes.” A Devour Old Devil face said angrily that the personal appearance dodged vanishes.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin turns head and looks to Lazy Old Devil, until at this moment, Lazy Old Devil complexion is very ugly, effort wields the sleeves, turns around to vanish.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil he he smiles, „lazy this attack of fellow receiving may not be really small, your companion are really pitiful. Certainly will be vented the anger by him. greed(y), didn't you plan Test really he? You are in us are fiercest.”</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil shakes the head, „does not need, only if can erased his part remember, otherwise, will not have any effect. This boy should not be hoodwinked both eyes by greed(y).”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart the secret unstated criticism, own most likes, but is greed(y)! Likes money since childhood.</p>

<p>Numerous position Old Devil depart in abundance, only remaining Tang Wulin own, companion are still handling the different matters in surroundings. Can see their is well, Tang Wulin also calculates to feel relieved that besides continuing meditation, he cannot find out own also to make anything. Meanwhile, he also wants to feel well, actually that purple and green luminous spot has anything to affect in the own body.</p>

<p>However, is contrary to what expects. This time, he cannot enter depth meditation again, attempt time and time again, cannot feel the function of that two luminous spot.</p>

<p>Soul Power normal cultivate, Soul Power vortex normal revolving, but that green and purple two luminous spots look like with Tang Wulin do not have relations completely, any energy of his within the body has no way to affect that two luminous spots existence.</p>

<p>One month in reality, in Nightmare Old Devil illusion four months of time quick on the past. Other Shrek Seven Monsters six people one by one had eventually concluded their travel of Nightmare.</p>

<p>By Nightmare Old Devil what second was finished illusion is Ye Xinglan, is Yuan En Yehui, Xu Lizhi, Xie Xie and Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu is last.</p>

<p>When companion listened to Tang Wulin to narrate when Le Zhengyu bitter experience, Xu Xiaoyan has blushed enough two days, other people actually could not smile. They are afraid. These Old Devil, were really too fearful. They regarding humane Test, arrived at Peak.</p>

<p>Looks at companion, Tang Wulin also has the strange feeling, although here is only four months of time, even if in illusion is just also less than two years, but after passing through these, everybody has grown probably all up. Without a doubt, this is a they life-long unforgettable journey.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu sobered finally seven days later.</p>

<p>When his body slight(ly) trembles, then the look becomes after the Pure Brightness, first sees is Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>The corners of the mouth shivered, Le Zhengyu took a seat to fall down, „Xiaoyan, I was unfair to you.” The tears almost flowed instantaneously.</p>

<p>The people are the expression are strange, Xu Xiaoyan hurries an arrow step to rush, grasps him, gently is patting his back, „passed, all passed. Your anything has not made the mistake, anything does not have.”</p>

<p>Entire a half hour passes by, Le Zhengyu is gradually restores. Mentioned *@ Old Devil, he hated to clench jaws.</p>

<p>„You should leave.” Light and Shadow dodges, seven Old Devil simultaneously appear(ance) before people. Their expression is various, dissimilar in shape and form. Sees seven people, besides Tang Wulin, another six people reveals a fear all.</p>

<p>Yes! Really was too fearful, here they received too many suffering.</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil shows a faint smile, „believes that you have remembered here feeling all. Congratulates you, your seven complete graduated normally. You all insisted finally. This is not very easy. As new generation Shrek Seven Monsters, you are qualified. Now, you are going to carry on is last Test. Nobody will deliver you to leave, you need to depend upon own strength. I must remind your am, the following all no longer are illusion, you need own to go facing North Sea Corps. aircraft that of course, you stole before is in illusion has presented. But the process not completely is also false, at least a little I can affirm told you, you in illusion has seen these North Sea Corps military officers, was hates to the marrow of the bones to you absolutely. Good, you momentarily can leave.”</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>