<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="880">#880: Consciousness</h2>
<p>Quite sore. The fierce ache makes Tang Wulin awaken.</p>

<p>He only thought that the own entire body as if likely has dispersed general, by his physical quality, such pain, besides when breaks through Golden Dragon King Seal, already few appear(ance).</p>

<p>Died? Did I die?</p>

<p>Is gradually sober with the consciousness, before he recalls gradually, matter that has.</p>

<p>He is really good to hope that this is a dream, when own opens the eye the dream can come soberly.</p>

<p>Yes! This certainly is a dream. Shrek Academy is so formidable, how possibly can by Ruin?</p>

<p>Difficult, he supports is opening eyes.</p>

<p>He discovered with amazement, own sees unexpectedly is eyeful green. Along with the restoration of vision, the sense of hearing also gradually returns. Tang Wulin discovered that own unexpectedly in the world that fills the insect warbler to be said. Here is......, forest?</p>

<p>The whole body severe pain transmits, is quite sore, am I also living?</p>

<p>Blinked, he struggles is wanting to move the body of own, actually the discovery cannot achieve. Inspiration of slowly, then with rapt attention in regards.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin discovered that own Soul Power vortex and bloodline vortex is very weak. Body meridians many breakages, internal organ(s) also already dislocation.</p>

<p>Such serious injury, if has changed the average person, perhaps already died. But he actually obviously feels that own gradually is recovering.</p>

<p>formidable the strength of bloodline walks randomly in within the body, is promoting meridians and internal organ(s) return position originally, each other connection.</p>

<p>Has not died, then, before these matters real? Why own in forest.</p>

<p>The thoughts of various doubts pace back and forth in his mind unceasingly, but Tang Wulin knows that now regarding own, what is most important is restores as soon as possible, only had the body to restore, can 11 open these doubts.</p>

<p>Woke, recovered speed naturally to speed up, under his Control, the first internal organ(s) homing that the strength of bloodline had at one's command, then quick repair meridians, simultaneously revolved Soul Power vortex in Dantian, absorb Heaven and Earth Primal Qi of outside is supplementing oneself.</p>

<p>Luckily, here Heaven and Earth Primal Qi is very sufficient, moreover his own is Plant System Battle Soul Master, fills the Plant place in this, cultivate gets up to be also easier.</p>

<p>Has not known long time, Tang Wulin meridians and internal organ(s) basic repair was similar, the aching feeling vanishes gradually. In Dantian, converged some Soul Power.</p>

<p>Opens both eyes, all of outside really look was clearer. What in the field of vision first sees is the lofty tree of shooting up to the sky.</p>

<p>Stands up from failure, he crawled from the ground.</p>

<p>Fortunately, own restoration ability also. However, at that time that mighty energy terrifying Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell shelled own not dead extremely unexpectedly, this was also considered as is a miracle.</p>

<p>Is thinking, suddenly, he saw in own side not far away, but also is lying down a person.</p>

<p>The white-clothed white skirt, lies down there is motionless.</p>

<p>Sees her flash, Tang Wulin felt obviously the heart of own leaked jumped a racket. The memory continues to reply, he has remembered person of final time that suddenly appear(ance) in own bosom.</p>

<p>Almost is three and makes two steps, he fast arrives at side that female, careful has stood up from failure her.</p>

<p>The familiar face, beautiful is tender face, not just the Na'er appearance? It seems, is probably bigger than Na'er two and three -year-old appearance.</p>

<p>Really, that unexpectedly real!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to feel her wrist [lineage/vein], the pulse is still beating, but is somewhat weak. Her clothes are also many breakages, many places have revealed the fair flesh.</p>

<p>But at this time Tang Wulin cannot attend to having other ideas, helped to hug her cautiously, poured into her within the body own Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power carefully.</p>

<p>meridians of her within the body as if all normal, is only aura is very weak. Holds her Tang Wulin to discover that her back clothes actually absolutely do not have, touch hand unexpectedly is the extremely creamy white and tender flesh.</p>

<p>At this moment, consciousness in his mind sobered completely, his clear remembering, at that time her suddenly appear(ance) in the own bosom. When own was shouting „Na'er I love you”, her appear(ance).</p>

<p>Her sounds/voices is that familiar, why may, she say that she is Gu Yue?</p>

<p>sounds/voices and aura are that familiar, is actually the Na'er look. time, Tang Wulin was also ignorant. He does not know this outcome completely what's the matter.</p>

<p>Yes, right, her aura Tang Wulin is very familiar.</p>

<p>Initially, Gu Yue just started after him studied, they frequently contact, grew up from the childhood together, in time, their close-range contact so was together numerous for several years, she in his mind was so important, Tang Wulin was impossible to remember incorrectly her flavor.</p>

<p>Her flavor is the light fragrance, maidenly fragrance gladdens the heart. But on Na'er is the light milk fragrance, is not same as Gu Yue flavor.</p>

<p>At this moment, how many year of young girls this seems Na'er is bigger than on, the body is actually the Gu Yue flavor, this what's the matter?</p>

<p>Suddenly, Tang Wulin has remembered anything, he hurries the neck place of young girl to the bosom to look, his clear remembering, under her neck, the collar bone above place, the oval birthmark, is very shallow, if were not he had paid attention desirably, was impossible to discover.</p>

<p>Really has! She is Gu Yue!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was almost one had found that birthmark.</p>

<p>Other can be false, but birthmark actually possibly is not false! But her look what's the matter?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin careful has rubbed several by her cheek as well as the cheek, he has also studied the cosmetics technique, but, is contrary to what expects, the look as before, he could not find any cosmetics trace . Moreover, present Gu Yue, the hair is also silver!</p>

<p>Opens some of her eyelids slightly, eye pupil purple. silver-haired purple eyes, this clearly is the Na'er characteristics.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin also somewhat was then scared.</p>

<p>Gu Yue or Na'er any person comes back, he will be quite inevitably happy, is, at present this miss, actually seems Gu Yue and Na'er aggregate, this simply......</p>

<p>The overall feeling, looks like Gu Yue, but this look......, Does Gu Yue study the cosmetics technique that own could not completely understand to be inadequate? Also only had this possibility.</p>

<p>Is hugging her, time, Tang Wulin has mixed emotions. He cannot think absolutely that at that critical moment, she will arrive at side own. Moreover he still clearly remembers that she was own has blocked that sufficiently fatal terrifying attack with the body of own.</p>

<p>But, why they here? Where is this?</p>

<p>In any event, first revives her is most important.</p>

<p>His cautiously pours into Soul Power to Gu Yue within the body, but the body of Gu Yue actually likely is bottomless pit, how regardless of he pours into, without a trace that Soul Power can vanish, but Gu Yue own does not have any reaction.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has remembered anything suddenly, he remembers that before Gu Yue appear(ance), the own chest place as if transmits a cool flavor.</p>

<p>His subconscious touching to the own front, just touched Gu Yue initially to leave his necklace. pendant is silver scales, he takes up to come to see scales. In the heart had guess immediately.</p>

<p>The scales that Gu Yue leaves behind, is when own will come across the Life and Death crisis will transmit her to own side?</p>

<p>If so, then, all explained passed, in the own bosom also inevitably was Gu Yue without doubt.</p>

<p>Why bother is your this? Tang Wulin embraces tightly several points of Gu Yue tender body, what if not the front presents is the Na'er appearance, perhaps he really will unable to bear kiss.</p>

<p>At least must wait for her to sober, the ascertaining situation said again.</p>

<p>Gu Yue had not awaked, pours into a while Soul Power, Tang Wulin somewhat cannot shoulder, can only own meditation restore Soul Power first. Although luckily, Gu Yue has not awaked, but aura is stable.</p>

  </body>
</html>