<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="890">#890: Dreamland</h2>
<p>In four people, obviously by that middle-aged artificial head. In a black hair, wisp of golden-colored long punishes in the cheek front, his appear(ance), surroundings big forest naturally is peaceful. Without any might, is only because of his existence.</p>

<p>„High Lord.” The middle-aged people see Gu Yue, immediately respectful calling out.</p>

<p>Gu Yue gains ground, in the eye is having a fear, „who you and are you? Cannot you injure my Daddy.”</p>

<p>Four people all were similar to petrify generally, stood does not know whether to laugh or cry there.</p>

<p>That handsome youth to middle-aged humanity: „Boss, what's all this about? High Lord this......”</p>

<p>At this time Tang Wulin is the comatose condition, the Gu Yue appearance does not install obviously.</p>

<p>The middle-aged people go forward one step, arrives in front of Gu Yue, Gu Yue frightens immediately lowered the head, actually falls down on Tang Wulin, covers his body with the body of own.</p>

<p>As the matter stands, Gu Yue naturally also fell into that seven-colored ray of light, the hand of middle-aged person just contacted that seven-colored ray of light, immediately the whole body megascism, fell to draw back several steps backward, a shock of face.</p>

<p>But other three people see this, all also shocks in the extreme. They too understood that at present this cultivates. Unexpectedly in that seems in front of very gentle seven-colored ray of light frightened so fierce. What existence that seven-colored ray of light is!</p>

<p>„Really is Dragon God willpower.” The middle-aged person brow is tight, „, but, will have Dragon God willpower to arrive on him? Even if on him has Golden Dragon King bloodline, but he after is Humanity. It is not Soul Beast repairs definitely. Golden Dragon King bloodline was very strange, this Dragon God willpower does he from where come?”</p>

<p>The purple-haired female is also a forced smile of face, „the great strength of this Dragon God willpower, only saw in my lifetime. Di Tian, we what to do?”</p>

<p>Right, this middle-aged person before her, is honored as Beast God, the head of Ten Great Ferocious Beasts, Golden-Eyed Black Dragon King, Di Tian.</p>

<p>Di Tian both eyes narrow the eyes, said to that the man of youth appearance: „Yao Ling, you draw High Lord. I get physical exam for High Lord.”</p>

<p>youth stares, „Boss, you are not good, can I be good?”</p>

<p>Di Tian said: „This Dragon God willpower has the formidable awesome effect to our Dragon Clan, you also do not have Dragon Clan bloodline, naturally unobstructive. However, so long as there are us here, you cannot injure him, otherwise Dragon God willpower will tow us to protect him.”</p>

<p>youth surprised [say / way]: „So is unexpectedly mysterious, is really interesting! Very long not such interesting matter. However, Boss you did not say that this boy should massacre? Has massacred him, High Lord might restore in the past mighty energy of Dragon God.”</p>

<p>On the Di Tian face reveals to wipe the forced smile, „this matter wants High Lord to decide that now on him had Dragon God willpower, did not say. Perhaps, his present condition is the High Lord arrangement.”</p>

<p>The youth half step arrives at side Di Tian, both hands search, has drawn Gu Yue, light blue light in his body surroundings circulation, is very gentle, but Gu Yue does not have the strength of resistance obviously.</p>

<p>Struggling that Gu Yue makes an effort, by that blue light gable, is actually not able to move.</p>

<p>Di Tian searches the hand, according to the Gu Yue forehead, gentle ray of light in his fingertip glittering.</p>

<p>The Gu Yue look immediately becomes somewhat blurred, but on energy with the Di Tian palm ripples, her body surroundings also reappears partly visible silver scales.</p>

<p>A moment later, Di Tian receives the hand, as if relaxed.</p>

<p>„High Lord unobstructive, should by fluctuation, be caused some Primordial Spirit fluctuation fiercely, the memory chaos. By High Lord formidable self-recovery ability, even if no external force to be auxiliary, can return to normal in less than how long to also. With the description of Humanity, was the temporariness loses recalls.”</p>

<p>Other three relaxed, Infernal Demon Dragon King loses says with a smile: „, Indeed, High Lord that Daddy called at that time, I who listens to am fearful and apprehensive! Di Tian, that present what to do?”</p>

<p>After Di Tian slightly makes the thinking, said: „This matter has surpassed the category that we have been able to process. First this. Let High Lord process voluntarily is, by the energy of High Lord, is impossible to receive anything to injure. After her memory natural recovery comes, all are not the issues. But this named Tang Wulin Humanity, we also can only continue to observe. Dragon God willpower appear(ance) on him, should be related with High Lord. Now I somewhat understood why High Lord did not kill him, should to train this Dragon God willpower, has the strength of this belief, in the future High Lord in light of Golden Dragon King strength, will awaken Dragon God to have bright prospects again. To that time, in this Douluo Continent world, we have been able to establish its belongs to our Soul Beast God Realm, not by that Humanity oppression.”</p>

<p>Listens to him to say these words, several other big Soul Beast looks immediately become blazing. Subconscious grips the tight double fist.</p>

<p>Four people retreat quietly, Gu Yue blue light also vanished. Until this time, deep green Emerald Demon Bird, dares to drill all over the body from her silver-haired, has a lingering fear looks at the distant place to vanish that several forms that.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has been having a dream, his dream to were more.</p>

<p>The limitless giant islands, in Sky are hovering Mighty Dragon, they have various color scales. The personal appearance varies, has the characteristics respectively.</p>

<p>In the ground, huge Mountain Dragon King falls into sea, changes into Continent. In Sky, Sacred Mighty Dragon face upwards to roar, overawes many colleagues.</p>

<p>In sea, water dragon unceasing take-off falls again, splashes piece by piece the water splash.</p>

<p>True Dragon everywhere one visit, the myriad things submit.</p>

<p>Good Dragon Clan beautiful scenery.</p>

<p>Has not known long time, Heaven and Earth turned into red suddenly, huge incomparable Fireball(s) drop from the clouds, falls into sea, to fall on the land.</p>

<p>Personal appearance huge Mighty Dragon take-off, prevent arrival of that Fireball(s) with their statures.</p>

<p>Fireball(s) breaks up, brings innumerable disasters. forest is on fire, Rivers Flow is dry, earth chap. Entire world as if unceasing disintegration in the bombardment of that innumerable Fireball(s).</p>

<p>Mighty Dragon, with their statures unceasing resists arrivals of these Fireball(s), is protecting the entire world with their strength.</p>

<p>The body of Mighty Dragon from airborne Fallen, they seems face upwarding unceasingly sad cry, was summoning a name.</p>

<p>seven-colored ray of light arrived, huge and illusory Seven-colored Dragon horizontally in midair, massive Fireball(s) were prevented by it, blocks this world Ruin huge catastrophe finally reluctantly.</p>

<p>But, Dragon Clan was on the wane, the True Dragon casualty is serious, gives birth to the difficulties race regarding this, is almost Sheng Ji fades instantaneously.</p>

<p>The innumerable Mighty Dragon corpses, overspread the trim earth. Everywhere is dragon blood able to move unhindered.</p>

<p>These by Dragon Clan is protecting other races, under the infiltration of dragon blood, starts appear(ance) all sorts of mutations. Started to have belonged to their energy.</p>

<p>Soul Beast, is that Soul Beast? Is this origin of Soul Beast?</p>

<p>In the midair, that huge seven-colored Light and Shadow flaps pair of wings suddenly, Sky trembles, a appear(ance) giant crack, in the formidable suction hauling tread the innumerable Dragon Clan corpses soar, integrate in that crack.</p>

<p>Most Dragon Clan on earth vanished, surplus is also surviving a True Dragon clan is very few, even if living, already experienced personally the heavy losses.</p>

<p>Airborne crack slowly closed, attains seven-colored Light and Shadow also to integrate without a trace that in the crack vanishes.</p>

<p>A picture revolution. In the Tang Wulin field of vision presents, he had gone to impressively huge Dragon Clan Graveyard.</p>

<p>In that huge Graveyard, Dragon Clan corpse, field littered with corpses.</p>

<p>The years change, the body of Dragon Clan changes into the skeleton under the attack of time gradually slowly, the innumerable Dragon Clan skeletons, are bringing unequalled dismal aura, throughout exposes the corpse wilderness in that Dragon Clan Graveyard.</p>

<p>That seven-colored Light and Shadow assumes personal command center Dragon Clan Graveyard, on it in ray of light glittering, in the Dragon Clan corpse has ray of light to fly quietly to it, integrates slowly.</p>

<p>-------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket, recommended the ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>