<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="813">#813: Dies out Devil's Island</h2>
<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Your guess is perhaps correct, I have not felt any Life aura existence from here Plant.”</p>

<p>The place that they fall to the ground is a quite smooth place, not far away is jet black such as the woods in black ink, the Tang Wulin half step walks, when he palm of own according to a big tree, touch hand is icy cold, not having half minute Life aura to transmit did not say that a thick deathly stillness feeling ascended instantaneously. If not Tang Wulin own Life aura is greatly strengthened, the Qi and Blood fluctuation is greatly strengthened, by this dead air/Qi invasion, the body will certainly be received some degree of injury.</p>

<p>„These trees not real. Probably carbonized generally, firmly like the iron stone, but does not have least bit Life aura.” Tang Wulin brow tight wrinkle.</p>

<p>Does not have including Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, cultivate did not have any significance, the people gathered, regarding side Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan asked: „Captain, does not have Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, besides affecting our Soul Power, can be also influential to the Life strength? Or can affect our strength of Qi and Blood?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Meeting. Any life form depends upon in Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces survives, this point is without a doubt. The water and sunlight, are Life origin, the imposing manner that they bring is one sublimation of Life energy. In any Life energy place, our own Life aura unceasingly will not have consumed. In short time is all right, but time is long, perhaps we must turn into the dry corpse here, or with these Plant same carbonization.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin such remarks, people complexion is a big change.</p>

<p>„That what to do?” Xie Xie somewhat anxious [say / way].</p>

<p>Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, „Academy, since makes us come military training to here, certainly does not make us bring death. Moreover, actually our military training also cannot know where at present. From the airborne bird's eye view, this piece of archipelago completely are black, the coastal water is also. But after the sea area exceeds 300 meters, will turn into the normal color. Infers by this, the normal color sea area should be able to feel Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces. In other words, we when the time comes can try the normal sea area to go to absorb Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces to restore oneself.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan shows a faint smile, „you can always be so calm. The situation should almost.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin smiles, „actually I was also worried, but is worried to be useful. Must face. Good, since has no way absorb Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces to restore oneself, we go to the seashore first, in any case we in assigning time arrived. first closed Golden Road to be, we have a look to the seashore now, then Zhengyu and Yuan En flew, had a look at my judgment was right.”</p>

<p>All these are the jet black islands give the inexplicable pressure, actually at least at present they have not been able to search to observe to be clear are any situations. First seeks for the escape route to be without doubt important, therefore Tang Wulin has not launched the reconnaissance to islands eagerly.</p>

<p>The place that they descend, in this islands peripheral zone, after clearly recognizing the direction, has not walked far, they saw sea.</p>

<p>From airborne looked that black sea with looks from the ground, clearly is two feelings, is in shocks. The ocean waves fluctuate, are whipping the shore, that jet black such as sea water of black ink, looks like the terrifying abyss, momentarily can swallow the human.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin releases Blue Silver Emperor, to sea diamond drill bit.</p>

<p>Blue Silver Emperor just contacted the water surface, Tang Wulin felt suddenly the whole body shakes, a terrifying suction transmits from that sea water. Strength of Soul Power and Qi and Blood of Tang Wulin within the body follows this Blue Silver Emperor to swarm immediately.</p>

<p>He hurries to fling Blue Silver Emperor, but is such free time of flash, before this Blue Silver Emperor turned into a grayish white.</p>

<p>„Do not move this sea water, the sea water has strongly swallows the Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces effect. Once contacts, will accelerate Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces to drain.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin rejoiced very much that just they directly did not fall into this piece of black sea water, otherwise, so long as gets wet, their consumptions meet the geometrical multiple promotion.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui said: „I have a look.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has selected, „all careful, felt that to immediately does not come back.”</p>

<p>„Um!” Yuan En Yehui has selected, back Fallen Angel pair of wings releases, a racket, flies into gently airborne. Then slowly float to that piece of black sea water above.</p>

<p>She just now arrives in the sea level, body faintly has the black fog to brave, Yuan En Yehui hurries to pat pair of wings, soars to a higher place. Then lets black fog reduction, then flies toward the distant place.</p>

<p>300 meters distance arrived quickly, between islands and islands, except for the black sea area, because the distance is far, is some clear sea area existence. Yuan En Yehui departed that 300 meters range finally, but in that flash, her form suddenly vanished.</p>

<p>„Vanished? Yuan En!” Xie Xie is greatly anxious, running together of two syllables in rapid speech summon.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin holds him, „do not fluster. First had a look to say again.”</p>

<p>Where Xie Xie can not be anxious! He just about to again says anything, Light and Shadow dodges, Yuan En Yehui appear(ance) in the distant place, then fierce flapping pair of wings, flew just like arrow dart again, floating falls to the ground.</p>

<p>Xie Xie then relaxed, goes forward quickly, „Yuan En, you are all right.”</p>

<p>„All right.” Yuan En shakes the head, „similar of situation and Captain judgment, left 300 meters range, after entering the normal sea area, Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces had. However, in the normal sea area, has fierce Sea Soul Beast. I only thought at that time, as if has drilled absent-minded this world, then I noticed that a big mouth opens to me, aura is intense. Then I quickly came back. Strange saying that that Sea Soul Beast is strong, but actually does not dare to contact here Black Sea. However, words that we want, is not easy.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin brow slightly wrinkle, „do you have a feeling, this place a little likely is Prison Cage, as if imprisons anything to resemble.”</p>

<p>The interior does not have Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, outside is fierce Sea Soul Beast, from their all passes through enters, in addition Yuan En Yehui the turnover, indistinctly can feel this islands as if in a piece ties within.</p>

<p>„Truly, a little looks like.” Le Zhengyu nodded, „instead here me was feeling that is very uncomfortable. It is estimated that you are also same. Here any Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, all have not been full of the deathly stillness, this feeling may really be uncomfortable! Do we have a look to the deep place?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head, „is not anxious. Outside bad risk came from Sea Soul Beast mainly. But Sea Soul Beast generally speaking cannot leave sea. We must find the escape route to be good first. Yuan En, you try again, if flies from the high place, whether not to be attacked by Sea Soul Beast.”</p>

<p>„Good!” Yuan En Yehui complies with one, pair of wings to flap, flies to higher airborne. However, has not waited for her to depart in the Black Sea direction, suddenly, she projects on hundred meters airborne personal appearance to crash suddenly, whipping wing that although she goes all out, has crashed to 50 meters stabilizes lives in the own personal appearance.</p>

<p>„Bans spatially!” Yuan En called out with amazement, „above resembles invisible strength, I fly about hundred meters, seems like patted a palm of the hand, my reaction is luckily quick.”</p>

<p>Prison Cage! These two character once more appear(ance) in the mind of people. This time explanation, only then these two characters were most accurate.</p>

<p>Cannot ascend to heaven, cannot enter the sea. Enters comes and unable to exit. Without Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces. Then, can only wait for death here inadequately?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin takes the bull by the horns, „walks, I the thorough islands have a look.” He always believes that since Academy makes them come here military training, certainly has the Academy goal and significance. Academy you do not have any reason to send in Prison Cage them.</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>