<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="856">#856: Pavilion Master direction</h2>
<p>But these do not affect his outstanding, resists Evil Soul Master to have heavy responsibilities, the performance of Tang Wulin to him is not the small stimulation, so long as is also living, Battle Member certainly unceasingly will progress.</p>

<p>Yellow One, Yellow Two and Yellow Four also walked, expressed gratitude to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Factory that side situation is unknown, the thoughts that everybody has not rested, can only wait for here silently. To quick dawn, two Black Rank Battle Member returned, has brought the news.</p>

<p>Evil Soul Master in factory all left, the judgment of Tang Wulin is correct. There Evil Soul Master has truly used resentful spirit(s) in factory. Meanwhile, the place bottom deep place under factory also has a altar. From the service condition in altar. The people who not only resentful spirit(s) in factory by sacrificed and refined, in this terrorist attack died, many Soul were also guided the past to perform sacrificed and refined by these Evil Soul Master through the altar.</p>

<p>This news made the people heart heavy, in the meantime, two Black Rank Battle Member also announced that their task completed.</p>

<p>In view of the fact that in task completion process the prominent manifestation of Tang Wulin, the complete reward of this task, Tang Wulin is alone half, other surplus four person differences.</p>

<p>This does not have the means to modestly decline, higher authority Battle Member has decided that the subordinate can only comply with. Moreover, the Purple One four people also feel a heartfelt admiration.</p>

<p>This task is the double several points, in addition was alone half, Tang Wulin absolutely is the harvest is rich. However, this motion has also cast a shadow in his heart, because of his clear seeing, wildness of Holy Spirit Cult.</p>

<p>By the Federation strength, is at a loss to Holy Spirit Cult unexpectedly, the attack had such long time. Unexpectedly had not found Holy Spirit Cult this motion the main force. This time with great difficulty some clues, but Evil Soul Master was withdraws calmly. If nobody helps them, that nobody believes absolutely. The Holy Spirit Cult internal channel absolutely is quite fearful.</p>

<p>Purple One opens Tang Sect Combat Car to return to Shrek City, has handed over task, after receiving accumulated points, this temporary Squad also along with it dismissal.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not received task again, but returned to Academy directly. First went back to bring back the own thing to say again. Then he also plans to go to Heaven Dou City, goes to Senior Teacher there.</p>

<p>This time completes task time, he has known, that side Blacksmith Association has not received affect of large explosion, is unfortunate was lucky.</p>

<p>Shrek Academy all as before, Tang Wulin returns to Inner Court, first arrives on Sea God Island, report.</p>

<p>Has not waited for him to mount Sea God Island, he surprised seeing, on the Sea God Island shore is standing a person.</p>

<p>white-clothed, crosses the hands behind the back to stand, on the handsome face is leading light cold meaning, sees Tang Wulin to come, has not revealed the surprised color, instead beckons toward him.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin tip of the toe on water surface, Control personal appearance steady falling in shore, then immediately respectful bows to salute, „Old Yun.”</p>

<p>Yes, this in shore is not others, is Shrek Academy Present Generation Sea God Pavilion Pavilion Master, Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming.</p>

<p>Yun Ming nods the head to him slightly, „you come with me.” Then, turns around to walk toward Sea God Island.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to follow.</p>

<p>The surface looks that Yun Ming as if has not walked quickly, but Tang Wulin actually running that wants All-Out to go to can follow his step.</p>

<p>Sea God Island is not too big, the time of a while, Tang Wulin arrived at Sea God Pavilion with him.</p>

<p>Enters Sea God Pavilion, Yun Ming has not stayed in the hall, but steps onto the staircase. Tang Wulin follows somewhat curiously in him behind, looks at surroundings all.</p>

<p>Regarding Sea God Pavilion, he cannot say absolutely familiar, but to here curiosity is actually many. This seems the area is not too big, leans on the log cabin that on Golden Tree constructs, is on entire Douluo Continent one of the most authoritarian places!</p>

<p>Yun Ming brings Tang Wulin to arrive at Sea God Pavilion Third Layer, enters in a spacious room.</p>

<p>In the room anything decorates does not have, but has two rush cushions in the ground.</p>

<p>Yun Ming own sat down on inner rush cushion, has referred to the opposite rush cushion, „sat.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sits down according to the word, in heart surprised at the same time , is very curious. Was Old Yun formerly was waiting for me in the shore?</p>

<p>Regarding Yun Ming knows that he comes back him not to be accidental, takes cultivation of Old Yun as, so long as perhaps he steps into Shrek City that to flicker, Old Yun can know.</p>

<p>„Has the Na'er news?” The Yun Ming sinking sound asked.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart slightly shocked, is actually smiling bitterly shaking the head, Na'er or Gu Yue, a news does not have!</p>

<p>Yun Ming said suddenly: „Your take shape Soul Power vortex?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin visits him surprisedly, then nodded. Although he has not been definitely able to understand Yun Ming that stage, but can see own already take shape Soul Power vortex, this is the what kind eyesight, as if the body of own can be completely understood by his look.</p>

<p>Yun Ming brow slightly pressed, seems pondering anything.</p>

<p>Enough after long time, once more opens the mouth saying: „Can have the issue?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shook the head, „had narrated with Teacher(s) is the same, Soul Power vortex is very normal, but why I will not know in this rank on appear(ance) Soul Power vortex. As if before should be Seven Rings, appear(ance).”</p>

<p>Yun Ming said: „Soul Power vortex in fact and rank irrelevant, is only related with the Soul Power congealing thick degree. After Soul Power compresses to the certain extent, because itself more and more close solid state, but pure solid state Soul Power is actually nonexistent, Soul Power that therefore, this being approximate in solid state must by special situation existence, that revolves.”</p>

<p>„Simply speaking, if you have one cup of very thick chocolate, when you do not go to manage it, makes its natural places there, it quick on condense into pieces, or is one cup of thick saltwater, you do not go to manage it, quick will have crystals settles down below. However, when your unceasing carries on stirring to them, lets they are in revolving throughout time, they can maintain at the liquid condition. But such liquid has high potency at the same time is even.”</p>

<p>„Soul Power is also so, after your Soul Power is the certain extent, oneself naturally will adjust Soul Power, simultaneously will be guiding their take shape vortex. This is a Soul Power cultivate process naturally. Knows that the Soul Nucleus formation has the qualitative change. Soul Power vortex itself has very strong attraction, attracts Soul Power of your within the body, has very strong hauling to outside Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, making your cultivate be able to be twice the result with half the effort. Takes your Five Rings to cultivate to can take shape Soul Power vortex be very rarely. In the past, I am 59th Rank time take shape. Later, is almost the same to 60th Rank 60th Rank to 70th Rank cultivate speed and 50th Rank.”</p>

<p>Listened to Yun Ming these words, Tang Wulin to Soul Power vortex immediately some brand-new understanding, moreover he discovered with amazement that this Sea God Pavilion Master Old Yun is directing own unexpectedly. Is he 59th Rank take shape Soul Power vortex? That said that can also surpass him in this aspect own?</p>

<p>Although in heart surprised, all that but Tang Wulin said Yun Ming record firmly sincerely, this may be is honored as now the direction of world first person! overwhelming majority Soul Master is for a lifetime impossible to have such opportunity.</p>

<p>Yun Ming visited him to perceive, continued saying: „Then you cultivate routinely and that's the end, has Soul Power vortex to make foundation, your cultivation for quick that can promote. If there is any issue, can come Sea God Pavilion to look for me.”</p>

<p>„Yes. Thank You (xiexie) Old Yun.” Tang Wulin respectful saying.</p>

<p>Yun Ming look somewhat complex visits him, „I am a very perceptual person, therefore, because of the Na'er matter, I do not like you.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stares, but he also can only respond with smiles bitterly. Regarding Na'er, in his own heart has been full of feeling sorry?</p>

<p>Yun Ming continues saying: „But, stemming from is Academy considered that I should not such do. This time, you are very good because of the Devil Island military training effect. I obtained the news that that side has spread. Your result has even surpassed overwhelming majority older generation(s).”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not spoken, is this is praising me?</p>

<p>Yun Ming has stopped, seems is considering any matter, but he has not set firm resolve eventually, beckoned with the hand, said: „You go.”</p>

<p>„Yes.” Tang Wulin hurries to stand up, salutes after Yun Ming once more, turns around to depart.</p>

<p>Looks the back that he leaves, Yun Ming sighs one lightly, has rubbed the brow of own.</p>

<p>One side of room door shoves open, Holy Spirit Douluo Ya Li walked from inside, she arrives at behind Yun Ming, gently rubs to pinch the shoulder for him.</p>

<p>„Can't decide? This child is very outstanding, temperament or ability, endure greatly duty.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming shook the head, „I do not like him. Has a look again.”</p>

<p>Ya Li sighed one lightly, „do not push him was too far!”</p>

<p>-----------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. Since thank everybody continuously support.</p>

  </body>
</html>