<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="814">#814: Breaks, another world</h2>
<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin pushes to the front, walks toward the Devil Island deep place.</p>

<p>In the island does not have the road, only then the jet black woods, are unable to take one's bearings, can only walk toward the deep place.</p>

<p>Enters in the woods, Tang Wulin formerly once felt the deathly stillness of having been to becomes even more obvious. surroundings air somewhat cloudy and cold, majority were walked in forefront Tang Wulin blocks. His that Golden Dragon King bloodline aura, vigorous such as fierce positive, scatters the majority of cloudy and cold deathly stillness, bringing companion to be continually thorough.</p>

<p>Did not need Tang Wulin saying that everybody also as far as possible saved own Soul Power, Control is not making Soul Power past voluntarily. Soul Power must keep critical moment use. If could not find one to connect the Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces place in the islands, they need sooner to find the way to come facing the present predicament.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin walks, while is observing the weather, they were in the morning ‚borrowing’ aircraft set off, the weather was gradually bright. At least outward looks from the island that does not have what different place.</p>

<p>Actually is how huge strength, can make piece of archipelago well turn into this appearance! Very obviously, this should not be artificial, because Federation simply does not have the significance this.</p>

<p>Since is not thinks that then, this piece of Devil Islands appear(ance) should be the natural situation. Then they from where do come?</p>

<p>Has what huge Soul Guidance Method Array on the island, is stripping Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces in air continually? Can if so, then, Black Sea explain? Black Sea has to swallow all energy terrifying ability directly.</p>

<p>Walked for two hours, on the people slightly saw the perspiration, but to save Soul Power, they have not used Soul Power to promote speed. In Soul Guidance Storing Device has certain food, but shut tightly had eaten for serveral days much, had not supplemented with enough time. At this time can only save as far as possible practical.</p>

<p>„Everybody rests same place.” The Tang Wulin sinking sound said.</p>

<p>The influence that the whole, he comes under here is smallest, formidable suddendly Golden Dragon King bloodline aura, in short time will not come under the too tremendous influence. May be this, continued time to be long, was not good. Only if he breaks through own next Golden Dragon King Seal, has the possibility of persistent resistance.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has climbed up big tree fast, to the high place, looked into the distance to the distant place.</p>

<p>black forest seems to be vast, when he looks to the Devil Island deep place, is indistinct, as if saw piece of purple-black is partly visible.</p>

<p>purple-black? What is that?</p>

<p>Only looked at one, Tang Wulin felt that an intense palpitation arose spontaneously, making him as if have a body to be ripped the fragment(s) general feeling.</p>

<p>Very strong big energy! It is not right, since has energy, energy should also be Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces part. That place, perhaps is a breach!</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin spiritual inspires greatly, after returning the ground, immediately told companion that own sees.</p>

<p>Takes a break, eats something again, their set off, this time, finally had the explicit directivity once more.</p>

<p>Also walked for two hours, they spread that black woods finally, but the earth is as before jet black, spreads to the distant place. This time, even if in the ground, they can see distant place that purple-black.</p>

<p>purple-black ray of light is partly visible, to human a terrifying dying out feeling.</p>

<p>„What is that?” Xu Lizhi shouted one lowly.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu frown said: „I felt that is very difficult to be thin. As if the whole body must be torn into shreds discomfort.”</p>

<p>„I am also.” Xu Xiaoyan is panting for breath, Le Zhengyu hurries to keep off before her body, she is then more comfortable.</p>

<p>„Returns the woods.” Saw that companion reveal the color of pain, Tang Wulin has issued the order immediately.</p>

<p>He also has the similar feeling, because his own Golden Dragon King bloodline aura is powerful enough, does not have companion to be so painful.</p>

<p>retreat, returns to remove to the woods, there is a mask of woods, was much better.</p>

<p>„That aura is really fearful. But probably does not belong to we have seen any attribute energy. Actually is that what?” Ye Xinglan sinking sound track.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Must be able to determine to near the examination. You are waiting here, I had a look in the past.”</p>

<p>„Captain.” Xie Xie holds on Tang Wulin, „I go, my speed is quick, I use Battle Armor, even if there is any improper, can hurry back as soon as possible.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head, „your speed truly is quick, but your resistance ability is not good. I have the strength of support bloodline, relax, will not have the matter.”</p>

<p>On the body resistance, truly nobody can compared with resulting in Tang Wulin, Yuan En Yehui is not good.</p>

<p>The takes a deep breath tone, Tang Wulin no longer saves own energy, One Word Battle Armor covers the whole body, golden-colored mask closes up slowly, isolates his Innate Body and outside, strong Qi and Blood fluctuation also along with it filling the air.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin moves sideways, left the woods. Acceleration that suddenly does not stop, directly soars that purple-black ray of light appear(ance) direction to dash about wildly to go.</p>

<p>Really, has the isolation of Battle Armor, all felt that was much better. However, Tang Wulin actually as before can feel, that as if can crushing all energy be getting more and more near and constantly strengthen with own.</p>

<p>Strength of Soul Power and Qi and Blood unifies perfectly, told the revolution according to Mysterious Heaven Skill way (of life), the Tang Wulin right hand wiped on the forehead, Golden Dragon Spear started, the lance point outward, pointed to the front.</p>

<p>golden-colored halo takes Golden Dragon Spear as to assume the umbrella shape advance state-of-art, making that terrifying aura ratio force as far as possible. The pressure reduced, Tang Wulin speeds up speed once more. He can feel that own strength of consumption Soul Power and Qi and Blood is quick.</p>

<p>That not by Devour, but to resist that terrifying aura consumes.</p>

<p>Near, was getting more and more near. After he runs out of the kilometer, he even competently felt that the surroundings air is to shatter. These to shatter air sway on own, looks like a handle handle sharp knife blade is cutting his body unceasingly. Made him have to stimulate to movement many energy to resist.</p>

<p>Under the One Word Battle Armor surface starts to reappear the dragon scales design, Tang Wulin has no recourse, released Golden Dragon Body.</p>

<p>Low and deep dragon roar regarding his body, withstands that formidable to shatter feeling reluctantly. At this moment, suddenly, he only thinks the front, the present all turned into purple-black, his body looked like by any thing Devour has gone. Shakes fiercely! Formerly the terrifying pressure instantaneously vanished, whole body one light, he arrived at another world.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath. In just that flickered, he felt really the body of own must be torn into shreds completely. Battle Armor must unable to withstand. But at this time, all oppression strength all vanish, making his whole person have to plant to want the weak general feeling.</p>

<p>Slightly after doing pants for breath, he discovered that own places in huge valley. In valley no longer is unexpectedly jet black, the surroundings green and luxuriant growth many Plant, the distant place, a huge purple-black light beam is shooting up to the sky, sees it, beforehand palpitation once more appear(ance). But what makes Tang Wulin surprised is, here has Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces existence unexpectedly . Moreover, is quick he to feel, in this place, the Life aura rich degree goes far beyond outside world.</p>

<p>He is Plant System Martial Soul, to the Life aura sensation is clearest, is only the takes a deep breath tone, has the whole body washed clean feeling.</p>

<p>„Good, has not received and instructed can come.” In this time, somewhat hoarse sounds/voices is resounding. In Tang Wulin heart one startled, when turns around to look, discovered that an old man is tilting the head looks at own.</p>

<p>He seemed is really too old, height approximately in one meter about eight, but actually some rickets the body, somewhat disorderly white hair sagging, on the face full was being surroundings, chicken Pi Hefa. In the hand is grasping a walking stick, the eye pupil is very limpid, not pale yellow.</p>

<p>He was too old, therefore Tang Wulin can only force to see from his facial expression that he seems is smiling.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries saying: „Hello. I am Tang Wulin, came from Shrek Academy.”</p>

<p>The old man slight bow, „knows and knows. Shrek Academy. The young fellows, you very handsome.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin scratches the head, „older generation(s), can you tell me, where is here?”</p>

<p>The old men said: „Here is Devil Island, of course is living the devil(s) place. Ha!” Spoke these words, his own has smiled first.</p>

<p>Is living the devil(s) place? The Tang Wulin heart moves slightly, from front old man, he cannot feel the least bit threat, even cannot feel on this to have the energy fluctuation of least bit. It looks like the ordinary old person of last years of life.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Academy makes us come Devil Island military training, does not know that what the military training content is?”</p>

<p>The old men shake the head, „I, no matter these. However here some people can manage. Then, your Academy very long has not seen somebody off. Everybody is waiting. Comes with me, I lead you to pass.” At the same time was saying, he has turned around, supports the body of own with the walking stick, is walking toward the valley deep place that the step limps.</p>

  </body>
</html>