<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="802">#802: Golden Road or Death Road?</h2>
<p>The people look at each other in blank diamay, Xu Lizhi sighed one lightly, „in fact, this cannot blame you. Because is we, Joint Training was also short. After entering Inner Court, we are studying with different Teacher(s), promote own, the Joint Training opportunity were much less than before. The tacit understanding truly does not have what promotion, particularly after everybody becomes One Word Battle Armor Master. We truly should strengthen this aspect.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nodded, „right, our present tacit understanding, was training in the past together. The four years ago degrees, even might as well at that time. But in fact, we are not familiar with each other new skill, this is not good. We are Shrek Seven Monsters, we are a whole. The whole must promote to be good in the together strength. Moreover should be the geometrical multiple. Therefore, during military training, we must increase Joint Training, increases the degree of adaptability.”</p>

<p>The Ye Xinglan nod said: „I agreed.”</p>

<p>The people nod the head in abundance.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Good, set off. We must look for a car(riage) to be good as soon as possible. Old Cai emphasized time, our time certainly will not be then abundant. Let alone also has come across yesterday's such thunderbolt.”</p>

<p>Mu Chen to the Tang Wulin money is quite abundant, buys the car(riage) not to suffice, but Car Rental. Rents in the current city, to the destination city, has returned in Car Rental Company local minute of Company.</p>

<p>Everyone will drive, this is not the major problem. Seven passenger cars, happen to meet their needs. It is not luxurious, is considered as reluctantly comfortably.</p>

<p>Xie Xie is responsible for driving, Tang Wulin looks at map, other people in behind.</p>

<p>The day before Xu Xiaoyan also opposed nonchalantly with Le Zhengyu, today turned into being inseparable. She had not had a good sleep yesterday evening, the car dealership was steady, is quick she to fall asleep in the Le Zhengyu bosom.</p>

<p>„According to our current speed, if every day over ten hours on road, but also needs four days of time to reach the destination. Soul Guidance Train speed is quick!” Tang Wulin looks at the map, slightly some frown.</p>

<p>„Ok, has an accident? time cannot such calculate. Boss, you have not sat the Soul Guidance Train life.” Xie Xie said with a smile.</p>

<p>The following traveling schedule was quite finally steady. At least again has not encountered the Evil Soul Master this rarely seen situation.</p>

<p>Four days later, they arrived at Continent northeastern part coastal city North Sea City. Comes to the northeast, after these many days traveling schedules, the temperature changed lowers obviously. Although to their such cultivation is, Transformation of temperature affects to the body is not big, but long time is a little cold.</p>

<p>„Finally.” Drove North Sea City, first car(riage). On people face somewhat exhausted look.</p>

<p>Every day drives several hours of car(riage), to the body is not the load, but actually very much boils spiritual.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „We cannot stop, I some premonitions, behind will be very always troublesome. I inquired first, how to go to sea, goes to our destinations.”</p>

<p>According to instruction that Old Cai gives, their military training place, is going to sea from North Sea City, island about 30 kms away. But wants here to arrive in the island from them now, certainly must have the ship to be good.</p>

<p>„The Car Rental line is also transportation trade, perhaps they know where can rent the ship?” Xie Xie refers to the Car Rental line that they just walked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Has the possibility.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „I asked.”</p>

<p>A moment later, when Xie Xie walks from the Car Rental line, complexion becomes somewhat is ugly.</p>

<p>„Boss, your judgment is correct, wants to arrive in that nameless island is really not that easy. You know how Car Rental line of people of did say?” A speechless appearance of Xie Xie face.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „What situation?”</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „Car Rental line of people of heard that we must go to sea, immediately is one fantasy the appearance, said that we do want to bring death? Moreover, according to them, North Sea City does not even have including the wharf, the simplest wharf does not have. Because, North Sea City here sea area, not only has the giant storm, but also has massive Sea Soul Beast active existence. In their words is, Life forbidden area!”</p>

<p>„I know.” Speechless of Tang Wulin face.</p>

<p>„Isn't large oceangoing vessel good?” Le Zhengyu asked.</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „Large oceangoing vessel? You want to be too many. Wharf that the large oceangoing vessel can anchor, in Continent northeastern part sea area, only then Celestial Sea City and Eastsea City have. Here distance two cities far? How long back and forth does one want? Moreover, can we transfer a large oceangoing vessel to come the Sea Soul Beast crowded sea area?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, said: „It seems like, this should be we must first face troubled. Also is Test before military training.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui said: „First has a look to the seashore, does not rely on hearsay to seeing is believing, first has a look at the Sea Soul Beast intensity to achieve any situation. The matter is not we can resist.”</p>

<p>„Walks!” Tang Wulin waves, the people got up one Car Rental, directly soars the North Sea City east side seashore direction to go.</p>

<p>When they arrived about five kilometers place to be blocked from the seashore.</p>

<p>Looks at the distant place reaches as high as hundred meters, when above is densely covered the dike of various heavy Soul Guidance weapon or is being a city wall. The people somewhat are dumbfounded.</p>

<p>Although has not seen sea, but can see from these defense Sea Soul Beast city walls that outside that was the sea world is how fearful.</p>

<p>„Anyone of you knew that what above Soul Guidance Device is?” Asking that Tang Wulin muttered. Regarding Soul Guidance Device, he truly does not have any too many research, only understands some foundation knowledge.</p>

<p>The Xie Xie forced smile said: „Soul Guidance Device I do not understand, but you look at that side city wall below, that should be ultra can the Soul Guiding Power Battery array. The function of this Little Thing did not need me to say.”</p>

<p>Yeah, looks following the Xie Xie finger direction, under the city wall, at least on three has the extremely dangerous marking house. Can distinguish from the shape and above marking of house.</p>

<p>Ultra can the Soul Guiding Power Battery array, be a structure is complex, takes Soul Guidance Method Array to be able as Nucleus ultra the battery. Can provide huge energy. Generally speaking, is only for some formidable Soul Guidance Device uses. For example large-scale Soul Guide Screen, this is military, is different from Academy that type. Moreover some ultra can the Soul Guidance cannon, must take it as foundation.</p>

<p>Now let alone was to cross the sea, even if were wants to go out of town becomes very difficultly and is very difficult.</p>

<p>„This where is any Golden Road, simply is Death Road!” The Xu Lizhi forced smile said.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin after short being startled immediately restored calmly, „walks, we go back first.”</p>

<p>Is Captain, his of course cannot bring companion to move rashly, returns to the city, Tang Wulin looked for a small hotel first, opened a room, then on the table spread out just the map that bought from North Sea City.</p>

<p>„Everybody looks, the red region should be the city wall protection area, this is a 50 kms in length coastline, including part is the giant reef, does not have the reef impediment place, all was covered by the city wall. All places have the defense facility. Very obviously, monitoring the radar can be most advanced. Wanted possibly to sneak across in the past almost not. Cannot hit.”</p>

<p>On the map showed that outside sea area is a Skeleton sign, it can be imagined that means anything, but Old Cai gives on their map to be possible not to have these marking, has an island, with one from the North Sea City set off straight distance.</p>

<p>Behavior Golden Road, should from of North Sea City to that island.</p>

<p>„Cannot break through the past, only then means that that detours. We must have a look to the seashore first. Moreover, we do not even have including the Coordinate. Knows that from the North Sea City straight line direction 30 kilometers, has such island.”</p>

<p>---------------------------------------------</p>

<p>I think that you definitely could not guess correctly what they must face is anything. Asked the recommendation ticket!( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>