<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="783">#783: military service? military training?</h2>
<p>The people become vigilant! All vision brilliant looks at Old Cai.</p>

<p>Old Cai sinking sound track: „First, this military service is your own goes. Arrives smoothly is you must first do. I to you one point of map, by the map, you need to find there.”</p>

<p>„Next, for in line with exercising goal. You besides Battle Armor, all things and money will be confiscated. of course, is used for the manufacture Battle Armor goods to be an exception.”</p>

<p>„Third, after arriving, you want the passive obedience order. If who without allowing to be separated from the training in the midway, will be regarded as the military deserter, will also be dismissed to process Academy.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin more listens more to think that , „Old Cai, that did not say, if we want the midway to withdraw, what means needs to use?”</p>

<p>Old Cai said: „Handed in the application, in situation that in proof body truly is unable to continue to insist, can withdraw. Understood?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Sounds, this is really a difficult situation.”</p>

<p>Old Cai has smiled, smiles seemed compared with that day Mu also cruel, „difficult? You also underestimated this military training. Is ready. Goes to military training the road, was used in the past Ice Spirit Douluo and Dragon-Butterfly Douluo Martial Soul Fusion Technique by us names, is called: Golden Road. You must first do, through this Golden Road, arrives in the military training place. As for other, when you arrived will be clear. Now, Tang Wulin, goes forward to take map.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin stride arrives in front of Old Cai, Old Cai gives him a map, „gives you a half hour of time, all takes with the thing that Battle Armor has nothing to do with, the weapon is an exception. After a half hour, inspects, then set off. Money of course cannot bring. All must depend upon your own.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and Shrek Seven Monsters people quickly did the preparatory work. Zhuo Shi walks from the dark corner of distant place, arrives at side Old Cai, „was too cruel?”</p>

<p>Old Cai shrugs the arm, „this time is not I, is the order of Pavilion Master. However, to these kids, the cruel point is also the good deed. At least can ask them to leave is farther. Right, initially you had insisted how long is coming?”</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi shrugs the arm, „nine months, you?”</p>

<p>Old Cai snort, had not spoken.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi smiles, „not my long is right? Nine months are very good result. Besides these anomalies, who can persist in completing all projects!”</p>

<p>Old Cai has smiled, „you said right, but your words, I will pass on that several anomalies in mouth to you.”</p>

<p>„Flatters, now in the evening you want to eat anything, I treat.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not have any many things to need to carry, besides Battle Armor, had forging hammer. These are related with Battle Armor. As for other, stays behind is.</p>

<p>Luckily, he came out companion manufacture Battle Armor metal(s) all forging before, rare metal(s) he also brought, is used to practice own forging.</p>

<p>military training sounds to be so simple, but in fact, in the Tang Wulin heart was not worried specially. After all, he gives the training program of own formulation hard already. He believes that so long as some people can insist military training that own certainly can also be good.</p>

<p>Leaves the inspection before Academy, is more careful than the imagination. However the Tang Wulin seven people have not stolen the plan that acts slippery deceitfully obviously, quick have completed all inspections, and leaves Academy.</p>

<p>According to the request, they must rush to the military training place in 15 days, will otherwise not have the qualifications to carry on military training. But does not have the qualifications military training consequence is, will be dismissed by Academy, will be taken back including the Shrek Seven Monsters title.</p>

<p>Goes out of Academy, Tang Wulin somewhat just likes separates the world feeling, because, he a half year of time had not left here.</p>

<p>The extension of effort a body of own, suddenly, an exhausted feeling arose spontaneously.</p>

<p>Regardless of his body is strong , to continue over six months assiduous cultivate and study, every day forces the Peak effort own, in fact massively is consuming his energy. Spiritual Strength and physical strength cannot be equal to a complete mental effort of person completely, exhausted of that inner world.</p>

<p>Left Academy, is tying tight the string as if relaxed, Tang Wulin naturally has had the exhausted feeling.</p>

<p>„Captain, we now what to do? Walk?” Le Zhengyu asked. They have changed the own clothes, Le Zhengyu is a white sportswear, is joined to his golden-haired, very somewhat natural flavor.</p>

<p>On his face has been short of the beforehand smile, in the half year, his whole person appeared calm was more reserved. Like Tang Wulin closing up, his most time similarly are also closing up.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Walk is not definitely realistic, shows according to the map on, even if our All-Out to go , is also impossible to rush to the place in 15 days. Walks, I have the means to get so far as money, we make a money first, then immediately set off.”</p>

<p>Makes money regarding Tang Wulin is a very simple matter, the technique industry studies, forging forever not two choices. Let alone, he must have a look at own that Teacher(s).</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin arrives at Shrek City Blacksmith Association, warm feelings arise spontaneously. After coming back, he is closing up goes to see Mu Chen Teacher(s), then started a half year of closing up. Mu Chen has given him the own Soul Refinement experience note, Tang Wulin was just about also to accumulate one collection of issues to inquire.</p>

<p>Different Saint Craftsman, on Soul Refinement this road the path completely is also different, Feng Wuyu has the Feng Wuyu road, road on the other hand legitimate of Mu Chen. Qi is coinciding, the mutual verification, making understanding of Tang Wulin to Soul Refinement more several points.</p>

<p>Regarding the arrival of Tang Wulin, Mu Chen is very pleasantly surprised. Looks to stand in the front, is youth that Yushu faces the wind, on the Mu Chen face has shown the smiling face.</p>

<p>„Probably grew a point, moreover seemed is also stronger. How seems somewhat weary.” Mu Chen smiles was saying.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „I do not know that left Academy, exhausted feeling on appear(ance). Teacher(s), Academy has arranged vice minister time trial to us, this time could go to be very long, before departure, I comes to see you. Is......”</p>

<p>Here, his flexure scratching the head, „Academy were many to our motion limits, rich can only keep Academy. Therefore I want forging task that comes our Association to have a look at to have anything to receive immediately, gains a travel expense.”</p>

<p>Mu Chen laughs, „this is not any matter. However, since is the request of Shrek Academy, Teacher(s) cannot give you directly money, this, your own chooses metal(s), then carries on forging with the maximum degree that you can be now, makes me have a look, you in the half year the forging level has achieved any stage. The metal(s) that then your forging leaves, Association purchases according to the market price. The travel expense definitely came out.”</p>

<p>„Good.” Tang Wulin hurries to comply with one.</p>

<p>In this time, familiar sounds/voices is transmitting from out of the door, „Daddy, I come back!”</p>

<p>Has not waited for Tang Wulin to turn round, fragrant wind has crashed in the room, that has fragrance body passing through the gate to see that in the Mu Chen office is standing these many people, has gawked immediately somewhat, but is quick, she looks to arrive in of front line.</p>

<p>Her footsteps stopped immediately, the expression on face also along with some it freeze.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin had turned round at this time, looks at front young girl, shows a faint smile, „Senior Sister.”</p>

<p>Yes, comes person Mu Xi. Tang Wulin previous time sees her time, before going to Star Luo Empire, after coming back, he participated in Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting, then searches high and low Gu Yue, again, closed up.</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. The writing nearly 13 years, never like so was immediately difficult recently. Not because of writing's matter, but is some family work, did not tell everybody defeated energy. Hopes that the Tang Sect brothers and sisters can share hardships with me. I diligently maintain the writing , to continue maintains we unceasingly. Thank You (xiexie) everybody.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>