<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="902">#902: Worry of Shen Xing</h2>
<p>In the Two Word Battle Armor normal condition needs Spirit Refinement metal(s), can use alloy Two Word Battle Armor Battle Armor Master is extremely rare, let alone, their this is three alloy.</p>

<p>Two Word Battle Armor compares in One Word Battle Armor is the huge sublimation, uses the function of alloy also gradually to show. Regarding their present cultivation is, this was enough.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin completes Battle Armor forging, Ye Xinglan takes it to go to another dead room to carry on manufacture together.</p>

<p>Saint Craftsman Rank forging becomes along with the time passage more and more skilled, regarding Tang Wulin, promoting Battle Armor also to have very important meaning to his forging, under premise that in cannot be defeated, his forging must concentrate on, forging, although accomplishes a task with ease, but also lets his profound to own present realm understanding.</p>

<p>No matter what the outside is earth-shaking, in this mid-hill, has one crowd of All-Out to promote the own young people.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Bright Capital City.</p>

<p>Here is the Douluo Federation capital, once Continent second Metropolis, was next to Shrek City. After Shrek City was destroyed, here has promoted Continent first Metropolis.</p>

<p>Recently for serveral days, the Bright Capital City atmosphere has been very tight.</p>

<p>Shrek City was destroyed this matter simply not to have the means to conceal to the people. Without a doubt, regarding Evil Soul Master, is the innumerable years that they most hate has been suppressing their Shrek Academy, that dispatches Battle Soul Hall Battle Member to exterminate Evil Soul Master Tang Sect in Continent unceasingly.</p>

<p>Then, placed third? Without a doubt was Douluo Continent Capital City Bright Capital City.</p>

<p>Some lot of people chose to move to the countryside after that terrorist attack or are the small cities, they worried that the own security, is worried about the current political situation.</p>

<p>Federation Parliament announced dismisses, the government fell into the temporary half paralyzed state. Then is the Parliament reorganization, simultaneously aims at Evil Soul Master this unprecedented terrorist attack, revenges the big search.</p>

<p>Holy Spirit Cult as if already had expected that the possibility of this situation, after completing that terrorist attack, suddenly all went into hiding, has not stayed behind including a wee bit traces. Therefore, in searching that although Federation military All-Out to go, actually harvests few.</p>

<p>The Parliament reorganization has been completed after three months of time finally, without a doubt, Hawk Faction of main action got the winning side. War God Temple captured seven seats in Federation Parliament, the seat of military increased one-third many.</p>

<p>After the Parliament reorganization had ended, has promulgated many laws, does not adopt the appeasement policy in view of Holy Spirit Cult, once were discovered Evil Soul Master, anybody has the authority to kill him, after confirmation, but can also obtain Federation to reward generously, has to provide news also same to have the reward.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, Parliament decided that strengthens War God Temple to invest, simultaneously the expansion of armaments, to aim at Holy Spirit Cult to carry on a series of follow-up actions.</p>

<p>Again was matter of primary importance, An Min.</p>

<p>Federation Parliament authorization army carries most advanced Detector to enter various Metropolis, carries on the comprehensive scanning to each city, to guarantee that does not have potential threat existence.</p>

<p>The multiple actions get down, finished six months at the Shrek City large explosion, the Douluo Continent situation has stabilized finally gradually. Only had in that once Shrek City, has left behind that giant gulf as before.</p>

<p>What sounds queer, Tang Sect after this large explosion, has not made too many reaction, instead is other Metropolis Tang Sect Company closes. Dazzling Era Tang Sect Branch Technology Limited Company of Tang Sect ascending pipe closes down comprehensively. All became quiet. This once on Continent most formidable Sect, because as if this large explosion came under the extremely serious attack to be unable to recover.</p>

<p>This absolutely is most people undesired. Students who also some Shrek Academy graduate express various fervent opinions, pledged that must be Academy revenges, must reconstruct Academy.</p>

<p>Also some people proposed to Federation recently established Parliament that must reconstruct Shrek City. But currently Federation temporarily did not have this plan. In short time as if cannot attend to here. Shrek City the region, as before is maintaining that giant gulf.</p>

<p>„Elder sister, you said that Federation this time won't make really Shrek Academy establish?” Shen Xing hangs Elder Sister of two generals to ask to the side.</p>

<p>Shen Yue this time was pushed up onstage by the military, as one of the young guard important army generals, she also after this Parliament re-elects had the qualifications of Member of Parliament. Simultaneously was recalled the military headquarters, holds the post of the key post.</p>

<p>Shen Yue brow micro pressed, „is very difficult. Moreover, even if the Shrek Academy reconstruction can be what kind of? The Shrek foundation did not have, Sea God Pavilion did not have. Shrek that reconstructs will not be original that time-honored Continent first Academy.”</p>

<p>Although this Lieutenant General came from Sun-Moon Royal Soul Guidance Master Academy, is the Shrek Academy enemy, when knew this Continent first Academy vanishes in light of this, in her heart moved.</p>

<p>In some sense, Shrek City is one of the Douluo Continent symbols, regarding the government, such an independent and neutral place is really such as the burr, may regarding the general publics and more influences, it actually be the important flag of management democracy.</p>

<p>Now did not have Shrek, the Federation government will be without doubt easier regarding the control of Continent, but same, the supervision and restriction will reduce greatly, regarding the long-term healthy development, is not the good deed.</p>

<p>Shen Yue is in itself not military Hawk Faction, she belongs to the position to guard Continent resistance outside Dove Faction. This unprecedented terrorist attack made the Hawk Faction large scale superior, but Dove Faction also made use to obtain some territories, she was pushed by Dove Faction.</p>

<p>In the Shen Yue heart somewhat was actually worried, after Hawk Faction gets the winning side, the Continent situation will be perhaps unstable in the future. Is the senior military, her of course knows that some unifies planet sounds/voices. But on Soul Guidance Technology, Douluo Continent truly throughout is in the lead.</p>

<p>Shen Xing looks at frown Elder Sister, her heart actually flew to the day. In her mind, deeply is remembering that face. She can never forget, in which time almost can fellow of appear(ance) every day in own dreamland.</p>

<p>Did he also die? Also died in this large explosion? own unexpectedly including retaliating his opportunity lost.</p>

<p>Why does not know, in her heart is very sad, was very since recently long time, the condition of her whole person is not good.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>A man and a woman, walk hand in hand on the broad street, their figure is slim, but the look is very ordinary. The youth height exceeds one meter nine, the long arms waspwaist shoulder wide back is extravagant, the figure of young girl is also slim, the a pair of longleg is especially conspicuous. The skin is somewhat dim, the look is also very ordinary.</p>

<p>„To.” youth has referred to the front teahouse, drew the young girl to walk.</p>

<p>The young girls opened mouth, wants to say anything, has actually borne, pursing the lips of cannot help but, as if has discontented as.</p>

<p>Enters the teahouse, immediately has service personnel to welcome.</p>

<p>„Two?”</p>

<p>youth nodded, said: „We want to drink the dahongpao.”</p>

<p>The attendant look moves slightly, „wants several to soak?”</p>

<p>youth said: „Three soak just right, are many insipidly was tasteless.”</p>

<p>„Good, two please come along with me.” Then, attendant turns around to walk toward building.</p>

<p>youth and young girl follow on the heels, go upstairs.</p>

<p>attendant has not opened the mouth again, but led them to go to two buildings, has come to the road end, he actually suddenly gently pressed on the wall, the wall split unexpectedly, revealed a gateway.</p>

<p>Hand signal that attendant has compared invitation. youth drew the young girl to walk.</p>

<p>The indoor is a teahouse, inside actually sat a person, is sitting cross-legged to sit on the tea table following rush cushion steeps tea.</p>

<p>„Sits.” His gentle saying.</p>

<p>--------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>