<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="778">#778: In dream old man</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin forging arrived at 6th Rank Blacksmith peak stage, only misses one step to be among the 7th Rank Blacksmith ranks. But 7th Rank Blacksmith needs to complete Soul Refinement.</p>

<p>Feng Wuyu own, but he also can only experience lecture of own in Soul Refinement aspect to Tang Wulin, Tang Wulin attempt, but has not succeeded at present. Feng Wuyu gives his suggestion is, making him look for Divine Craftsman Zhen Hua. Can carry on Heavenly Refinement one generation of Divine Craftsman, wants certainly profound many regarding the understanding of Soul Refinement. Even if Feng Wuyu is a little not willing to acknowledge, but for the future of own Darling apprentice, has to make him go.</p>

<p>Three months, the heart of Tang Wulin was tranquil. Or busy cultivate makes him simply not have the thoughts to care about other.</p>

<p>Three months of time, relies on massive rare metal(s) to accumulate and his own 6th Rank Blacksmith peak stage, he has completed four metal(s) Harmonizing Refinement. And also includes his own to all companion, has made the Battle Armor metal(s) transformation.</p>

<p>In other words, now their One Word Battle Armor has completed the promotion on material quality, on difference following Battle Armor again manufacture.</p>

<p>Design, Gu Yue had already completed, like same has promoted 6th Rank Mecha Manufacture Master Ye Xinglan, momentarily can carry on Two Word Battle Armor manufacture.</p>

<p>But when like initially their manufacture One Word Battle Armor, currently the manufacture Two Word Battle Armor difficulty has. Cultivates to be insufficient.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, normal, wants to dress completely Two Word Battle Armor, needs Six Rings to cultivate is.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi said: „Since breaks through Five Rings, I lead you to go to a place.” At the same time was saying, he holds the Tang Wulin shoulder, soars. They disappear in the midair rapidly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that the neglected advice sound howls, seemed only several seconds of time already again conscientious.</p>

<p>This is small valley, obviously is a place on Sea God Island, surroundings is the green and luxuriant vegetation, rich Life aura and Plant fragrant fill the air to flow in the air.</p>

<p>Is Blue Silver Grass Tang Wulin is overjoyed as Martial Soul, here natural aura is so rich, broke through of course to be good regarding him.</p>

<p>He hurries to sit cross-legged sits down same place, starts to enter the meditation condition.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi stands side him, is feeling his Soul Power fluctuation Transformation.</p>

<p>The wind has blown in the ear, was breathing the fragrance and Plant of soil delicate fragrance, the heart of Tang Wulin quickly peaceful. In the world of nature, so is always easy absorbed.</p>

<p>Soul Power naturally according to the line operation of Mysterious Heaven Skill, in the Tang Wulin spiritual world, as if some green luminous spots quietly shines, that is side Plant.</p>

<p>They felt Tang Wulin Blue Silver Emperor aura, immediately sent out the kind signal, echoed with him mutually.</p>

<p>Light blue halo sends out from Tang Wulin, his black hair also gradually turned into blue, aura melted, unexpectedly to the human he was a feeling of nature member.</p>

<p>If only depends on the feeling not to need eye to look that Zhuo Shi this cultivated to not discover his existence easily.</p>

<p>The Zhuo Shi secret nod, Tang Wulin the condition, means him already the understanding of genuine own Martial Soul mystery.</p>

<p>This is good!</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King bloodline aura restrains completely, some are only Blue Silver Emperor., Expands gradually to a farther place to the Plant sensation. More and more green luminous spots join to the Tang Wulin spiritual world.</p>

<p>His Soul Power in promotion of influencing subtly, is sending out many sounds/voices. More and more Plant send out own aura, even if slightly a wee bit energy, must release, integrates in Tang Wulin aura. But with the Tang Wulin breath turnover, Blue Silver Emperor aura that releases from him will return nurturing to parents to these Plant, they will send out the mood of jumping for joy immediately. Because comes under the influence of Blue Silver Emperor aura, they will be easier born to belong to own Spirit Wisdom.</p>

<p>On the Tang Wulin face reappears a smiling face, in the Plant world, he looked like had found many family members, grew with these family members and companion together. His spiritual world can also a larger scale spread, even covers to entire Sea God Island.</p>

<p>Suddenly, the Tang Wulin body has shaken shaking, he as if feels a difference beyond description to transmit from numerous Plant. Different with Plant of other place, Plant on Sea God Island obviously is much higher on Life stage, takes to him to be also more. May at this moment, in these Plant, as if some special characteristics send out.</p>

<p>That green luminous spot turned into golden-colored in his spiritual world unexpectedly gradually, each other blends with his Blue Silver Emperor aura as before, but what is more important, returned nurturing to parents to his energy promotes suddenly.</p>

<p>Also at this time, Tang Wulin suddenly felt in own spiritual world „bang”, as if the colossus stiffly intrudes, makes his body megascism.</p>

<p>Then he with amazement discovered that were many a huge golden-colored light group in the own spiritual world, big enough to supports fully the own entire spiritual world.</p>

<p>Next flickers, the consciousness of Tang Wulin blurred. Under flickers again, he discovered surprised that own arrived in a golden-colored world.</p>

<p>surroundings is all kinds of Plant, rich varied. But these Plant actually all are light golden-colored, all sends out Life aura that Tang Wulin is hearing something never heard of before.</p>

<p>That thick Life strength made him unable to bear the breath of greed(y), but each breath seemed promoting his Life stage.</p>

<p>„Kid. Your aura is Blue Silver Emperor.” Old sounds/voices suddenly resounds, then Tang Wulin saw an old person slowly from the woods.</p>

<p>He seems is very special, the body the rickets, the whole body has presented for scarlet golden-colored, the long beard has hung the ground, a white hair was so, the eyebrow is also also long the sagging ground. The a pair of eye pupil is actually extremely clear light golden-colored, looks that in the Tang Wulin look has filled surprisedly.</p>

<p>„Hello, where is this?” Tang Wulin surprised asking.</p>

<p>The old men said: „You have not replied me, your Blue Silver Emperor does aura come from where?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „My Martial Soul is Blue Silver Emperor!”</p>

<p>The old men have smiled, he shakes the head, „is impossible, Humanity is impossible to have Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul. Said to look how it does come?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stares, „why is Humanity impossible to have Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul?”</p>

<p>The old men said: „Because, Blue Silver Emperor is the same with me, belongs to Plant world highest stage Life. This is impossible to unify with another Life. Only if, you have Blue Silver Emperor part. Has to belong to Blue Silver Emperor bloodline. Said is straightforward, part of your body belongs to Plant. Understood?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin dull [say / way]: „I am not clear. Part of body belongs to Plant, what is this?”</p>

<p>The old men said: „Stupid you. That is, gives birth to your Parents to have a side is Plant. Humanity and Plant union, has given birth to you.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin loses the sound track: „Is this possible? How Humanity and are Plant possible to unify?”</p>

<p>The old men said: „Anything is impossible. Gaining Spirit Wisdom Plant is Soul Beast, they can also pass long years cultivate. After Hundred-thousand Years cultivate, Plant can also change into Humanity, why can't unify with Humanity? Right, on you are his aura. Skip-generation hereditary aura. Yes! Blue Silver Emperor , can only have this [lineage/vein] inheritance on Continent. Your aura is so rich, can awaken Blue Silver Emperor, should be his direct line bloodline. Really inconceivable!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is confused, „you meant that my Parents has a side is Plant System Soul Beast, is the Hundred-thousand Years Plant System Soul Beast person? Is impossible, this is how possible! My Aunt Daddy are most common Humanity.”( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>