<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="786">#786: Soul Refinement echo</h2>
<p>This was also too quick, altogether also five minutes!</p>

<p>Let alone was Mu Xi, knew according to Mu Xi, even if were these stayed dozens years of old Blacksmith in 6th Rank Blacksmith realm, impossible to complete Spirit Refinement in short five minutes of time!</p>

<p>Spirit Refinement arrives at Soul Refinement, is together the insurmountable gap, the innumerable Blacksmith cards cannot pass in this pass. Otherwise Saint Craftsman will not be scarce.</p>

<p>But the Spirit Refinement five minutes, Mu Chen cannot achieve. He is impossible to be so quick! Tang Wulin this......</p>

<p>Is this function that Peak Thousand Refinements brings?</p>

<p>Mu Xi had completely forgotten at this time the complex mood of own to Tang Wulin, completely immerses in Tang Wulin forging.</p>

<p>„Buzz” at this moment, that Heavy Silver sends out slight(ly) buzz the cry, that Heavy Silver itself vibrated gently, above cloud pattern looks like lives general circulation Transformation, has dragon-shaped indistinctly. The slight(ly) dragon roar sound instantaneously becomes obvious.</p>

<p>Mood of joy excitedly!</p>

<p>Has succeeded, Spirit Refinement completes! Seven minutes!</p>

<p>Completes to Spirit Refinement from Thousand Refinements Gains Spirit, Tang Wulin has only used for seven minutes.</p>

<p>This time, Mu Chen stared in a big way the eye, subconscious gripping tightened the fist. From Tang Wulin forging, he obtained some inspirations, but regarding Saint Craftsman, this inspiration was really too important.</p>

<p>Mu Chen thinks own this whole life wanted assault Divine Craftsman is the impossible matter, but in just this flickered, he suddenly thought that as if had such one possibly. Thus it can be seen, Tang Wulin this time forging is huge to his touching.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin this time has stopped, on his face is having the light smile, as if in listening to joy of that Heavy Silver, after small Life is born to own Father is showing off general.</p>

<p>Next quarter, Tang Wulin aura big change. The strong Qi and Blood fluctuation, diamond-shaped scales reappeared excitedly, making his whole person seem had a feeling of formidable.</p>

<p>Skin that can see only then neck and both arms, scales densely covered on the neck of Tang Wulin, to lower jaw place. Both hands are covered by golden-colored scales completely, but does not have appear(ance) Golden Dragon Claw. But the strong Qi and Blood fluctuation made Mu Chen and Mu Xi was startled.</p>

<p>The formidable pressure on that bloodline the Martial Soul exciting release of Mu Xi, Soul Ring raised from the under foot directly.</p>

<p>Although Mu Chen is insufficient so, but also had a scare.</p>

<p>This aura......</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Qi and Blood fluctuated they long before to feel, but never has actually felt so intensely.</p>

<p>His aura such? Moreover, they also impressively see, Tang Wulin under foot, golden-colored ring of light along with it raising, entire four.</p>

<p>Previous Mu Xi sees Tang Wulin this Qi and Blood Soul Ring time, he also has two.</p>

<p>The both arms launch, Tang Wulin slight(ly) shakes, the whole body Qi and Blood fluctuation immediately became richer, golden-colored light fog dense in his body surroundings, his eyes also turned into golden-colored.</p>

<p>But that Heavy Silver as if also felt the aura fluctuation of Tang Wulin, joy originally as if turned curiously.</p>

<p>At this moment, Tang Wulin Spirit Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer moved, these time starts, his Heavy Silver Hammer had been exaggerated golden-colored by the strength of Qi and Blood. Pounds to fall outrageously, was not formerly dexterous, but became incomparably heavy.</p>

<p>Each hammer falls, entire Blacksmith even along with it slight(ly) trembles, low and deep thundering are ordinary just like the Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery list explosion.</p>

<p>That was withstood a hammer to send out sobs the groan by forging Spirit Refinement Heavy Silver every time, as if has a pain is joyful the feeling.</p>

<p>But Mu Xi saw that a Tang Wulin hammer falls, that Heavy Silver was exaggerated golden-colored unexpectedly instantaneously, although under will flicker will remove, but without a doubt, it will be is receiving being contaminated of Tang Wulin Spirit Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer.</p>

<p>Spirit Refinement and Soul Refinement biggest difference is, Spirit Refinement entrusts with Life, but Soul Refinement entrusts with metal(s) own inheritance. It looks like Soul Inheritance is ordinary.</p>

<p>Therefore, when One Word Battle Armor Master and Two Word Battle Armor Master, Vice Profession is Mecha Manufacture Master will be quite good. Because most can manufacture leave to conform to own Mecha. After all nobody understands own compared with own.</p>

<p>But to Three Word Battle Armor Master above, metal(s) that Blacksmith forging left became most important. That because of Soul Refinement.</p>

<p>If own is Saint Craftsman Rank Blacksmith, metal(s) that itself then, forging leaves had own Soul Power, has own Martial Soul even is Life properties. The nature and own conjunction are highest. This point even compared with Nucleus method also important.</p>

<p>What a pity, Blacksmith is in all Vice Profession most difficult cultivate one, Saint Craftsman that on entire Douluo Continent has is also several. Divine Craftsman has Zhen Hua one person.</p>

<p>It can be imagined, this is hard cultivate.</p>

<p>At this time, Tang Wulin started without a doubt from Spirit Refinement to the process that Soul Refinement sets out, he to that Heavy Silver that own bloodline aura All-Out to go to is pouring into, in the meantime, is also pouring into own Soul as well as own aura.</p>

<p>Not only Soul Refinement from forging of outside to metal(s), is from inside to outside, pours into own aura and own Soul Power and Spiritual Strength to metal(s), through and this metal(s) relation, carries on certain forging from the interior to him. The inside and outside unions, making metal(s) properties be stimulated completely, infiltrates to belong to own Soul strength again.</p>

<p>A view, Soul Refinement metal(s) is doing several things at the same time of Saint Craftsman.</p>

<p>Although this view some exaggeration, but itself also makes some sense. Spirit Refinement can make metal(s) have very unique intelligence, thus produces some ordinary metal(s) impossible appear(ance) special effect, for example Self-Restoration, for example promotion of some special effect. But Soul Refinement is different, Soul Refinement metal(s) will make Soul Master have to plant multi- a feeling of companion.</p>

<p>Soul Refinement metal(s) forging Battle Armor, itself looks like Soul Master second Life. Even itself can carry out some orders.</p>

<p>of course, if oneself is not Blacksmith, in Three Word Battle Armor this stage, is own Battle Armor metal(s) that must first complete communicates. Because of came from Two Word Battle Armor, itself had own density, although this process is long, but can achieve. But Blacksmith will save this process.</p>

<p>After starting the Soul Refinement process, Tang Wulin obviously became discrete, each hammer fell that heavily, injection that his intense bloodline fluctuation was actually outspoken, but did not have the meaning that the least bit weakened.</p>

<p>With extension of time, golden-colored on that Heavy Silver steelyard weight exaggeration by time that removes each time also becomes slow. Often is previous golden-colored has not removed completely, the Tang Wulin second hammer arrived.</p>

<p>Gradually, Heavy Silver completely maintains in the golden-colored condition. Tang Wulin looks like the mechanization is wielding hammer, speed that the thump strikes starts becomes more and more slow.</p>

<p>„Works as! Bites!”</p>

<p>Suddenly, after a Tang Wulin hammer falls, the Heavy Silver interior spreads clear echo.</p>

<p>Hears this sounds/voices, the Mu Chen body shakes fiercely.</p>

<p>echo! This seems a very ordinary matter, regarding is not the matter that Blacksmith other Shrek Seven Monsters six people does not even have excessively to pay attention, listens in his ear, actually likely heard in this world the most wonderful matter to be ordinary.</p>

<p>His too clear this means anything.</p>

<p>The Soul Refinement difficulty is so big, echo is the initial victory of Soul Refinement! This means that oneself pours into metal(s) various energy the integration to get up, can assist forging from the interior.</p>

<p>This function was really too big!</p>

<p>Many 6th Rank Blacksmith cannot achieve this point for a lifetime, but this point is Soul Refinement is also most difficult! Soul Refinement echo also means that Blacksmith itself regarding the understanding of rare metal(s), means that the front all preparatory work have not wasted.</p>

<p>On the Tang Wulin face the expression is invariable , to continue forging. Really, each drop hammer, will have echo appear(ance). Moreover becomes more and more clear.</p>

<p>Mu Xi stared in a big way the eye.</p>

<p>He and he cannot be able......</p>

<p>own thinks approached him, but , he if bridged over that step, was not and own same stage existence.</p>

<p>Mu Chen had said to Mu Xi, according to the Mu Xi present progress and assiduous degree, if quick, at age 30, she can try assault Saint Craftsman stage.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin? Now he is only 19 years old! He has achieved Soul Refinement echo. But own has not actually traced including the Soul Refinement echo gate.</p>

<p>Qi and Blood and Soul Power of everyone are impossible completely same. Spiritual Strength is also. Therefore, Soul Refinement echo can only teaches the feeling, does not have the skill to say, needs Blacksmith own to realize from experience.</p>

<p>Mu Xi is in this process now, but she actually absolutely cannot think that Tang Wulin walked such far unexpectedly, can grasp this most difficult one.</p>

<p>----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>