<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="803">#803: North Sea Corps</h2>
<p>Yuan En Yehui said: „Detouring words must be very far, North Sea City here has North Sea Corps, is stationed in the seashore, it seems like, should be defense this piece of sea area Sea Soul Beast. We detour do not know where must circle. Moreover here seashore all by the military radar control, we cannot circle, can only go to that island from the sea directly. Without the Coordinate, seeks for islands in sea, fishes the needle not to have anything to distinguish with sea.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, „ground previous was impossible in the past, under the ground similarly is not good. We only then ascended the sky.”</p>

<p>„Heaven?” The people stare.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Soul Guidance aircraft these year of High-speed develop, although forbids civil, but the army actually absolutely is the massive equipment. We have no way to pass the ground, even was sea in the past. But if we can do to Soul Guidance aircraft, perhaps that we can from airborne in the past. 30 kilometers distance, was very near regarding airborne. Even if were the glide in the past, soon.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie loses the sound track: „Boss, you may be able to think. That is Soul Guidance aircraft! The military controls strictly. Did not open civil. You know where can rent aircraft to be inadequate?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Rents is definitely impossible, can only be ‚borrowing’.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie and Yuan En Yehui look at each other one, [say / way] with one voice: „North Sea Corps?”</p>

<p>Right, North Sea Corps big regiment that is second to none as the northeastern areas, certainly will provide Soul Guidance aircraft. In the actual combat, Soul Guidance aircraft does not conflict in the airborne function and Mecha, the same rank manufacture Mecha material and resources, manufacture ten Soul Guidance aircraft, aircraft flying speed was been sufficiently quicker by Mecha. Moreover can carry many people, carries Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell.</p>

<p>Soul Guidance aircraft development before hundred years starts, after the High-speed development, now is Federation indispensable arming strength. The big regiment has the special flying brigade, coordinates Mecha Brigade. It is said that now most advanced Soul Guidance aircraft can through airborne fly Star Luo Continent directly or is Heaven Dou Continent. In the science and technology, Douluo Continent must lead another two pieces of Continent by far. Just, Federation do not start the meaning of war.</p>

<p>‚Taking advantage of’ aircraft, without doubt is quickest way (of life). But the issue came, they will not open!</p>

<p>„We can infiltrating go, how to open aircraft? And before arriving at the island, hadn't been discovered or shot down by the military?” Le Zhengyu said.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „This need strict plan is good. Although I study not many to Soul Guidance Device. But Soul Guidance aircraft or is many that also Soul Guidance flying I understand. Opens us is not good, but we, since must borrow, pilot together borrows. But regarding strength of regiment, their long-distance attacks ability to cover 300 kms away sufficiently. We ‚taking advantage of’ pilot and aircraft, then, they must first confirm. After all can be cautious about harming evildoers lest the innocent be hurt. So long as in their firing distance Control range, they did not fear that we can run away the act heart. Is right?”</p>

<p>The people nod in abundance.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin continues saying: „However we do not need to escape from 300 kilometers, so long as 30 kilometers were enough. Regarding a fighter aircraft, 30 kilometers are the distances that among the moment can be. When the time comes, we only need to complete one time to land, comes also goes back ‚taking advantage of’ aircraft and pilot that naturally will not be attacked by North Sea Corps, we can also arrive in the destination.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin spoke of here, suddenly discovered side own specially peaceful.</p>

<p>The people all some glassy-eyed visit him.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi muttered the tunnel: „Boss, what ghost is landing?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, „is drops from the clouds! We have Zhengyu and Martial Soul of Yuan En two people can flying. To the goal place, we landed from the upper air, by their flying ability and ensure we can slide to the island on the line. Really is not good, can reduce our crash speed. At our One Word Battle Armor defense strength and own defense intensity. So long as does not fall in the ground, does not need to fear. Falls , the issue is not big.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie has swallowed saliva, „Boss, you may be able to think. My first time knows, originally your idea can unexpectedly so like a heavenly steed, soaring across the skies. Is this method really a little dangerous?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Really, definitely has risk, first, our whether infiltrating north regiment, and seeks for the pilot and aircraft makes it take off. second, in 30 kilometers, before arriving in the island, cannot be shot down. Third, after falling into sea, must be able to defeat Sea Soul Beast, rushes to the island. If first we cannot achieve, risky relative is not big, by our fighting strength, the whole body draws back very big opportunity, even if draws back does not have to draw back, the surrender does not have the issue. Without the Life danger. second words, I think 30 kilometers, North Sea Corps start attack several not to be sincerely big to us, even if initiated attack, we can also give up aircraft, landed to sea. At that time the risk came from Sea Soul Beast mainly. Therefore, the distance that aircraft departs is farther, is close island, our risks are also smaller.”</p>

<p>„Finally, copes with Sea Soul Beast. My bloodline aura has certain pressure function regarding all Soul Beast. I think, only if we are specially bad luck, has met Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast, otherwise, in certain distance, to should. Zhengyu and Yuan En, your flying ability whether to be leading our other five people, even if were the glide in the past?”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu said: „Should almost, take our present cultivation as, the words that All-Out to go, are bringing everybody flying in airborne short time. But considers the upper current reason, there is an uncertainty.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks to Xu Lizhi, „can your agile little dragon(s) package, how many components reduce our?”</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi [say / way] without hesitation: „30% definitely do not have the issue.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui said: „Thinks so really has certain feasibility. Lands you to plan highly is how many?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Theoretically, of course the lower the better. Like this landing time will reduce, because we must consider after we are separated from aircraft, the North Sea Corps base gives our long-distance attack, landing time is shorter, receives the possibility of attack to be smaller.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „Good, sounds as if, but biggest problem or first. How we can infiltrating North Sea Corps, and ‚taking advantage of’ walks aircraft?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, „this seems most difficult, but also and has the shortcut. This difficulty generally speaking, how the most important point goes . After entering the North Sea Corps base, must be easier relatively. Because of any military installation, the foreign defense strength is strongest, interior naturally easy to do.”</p>

<p>„How does that go in?” Xu Lizhi curious asking.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „through yesterday's matter, I understood a matter suddenly. That is, has difficulties, looks for Senior! War God Temple has our Senior, North Sea Corps, I believe that certainly also has.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan has smiled, „Captain, did I have saying that I liked your this confident appearance.”</p>

<p>A Le Zhengyu face vigilant [say / way]: „Do you like him?”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan helpless [say / way]: „Appreciation, is of appreciation likes.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu has smiled immediately, „that I also like. Captain, present you, a little restored the four years ago appearances. No matter what, we listen your, how you said come, how we come.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has smiled, „bold supposition, careful proof. We go to North Sea Corps to look for Senior, this always does not have any issue. Perhaps, can we borrow aircraft really?”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „We with what showed that we are the Shrek people? We may anything not have the belt to come out, Academy basically is makes us leave home with only their clothes on their backs.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „This is not difficult, Academy can make 1 st, why can't we make 15? Why you forgot me are? Inner Court disciple badge, I make several. Are our strengths, in addition insufficient?”</p>

<p>„You won.” Ye Xinglan rare has shown the smiling face.</p>

<p>Entire plan in fact Tang Wulin also temporarily wants to come out, but in the process of discussion, along with the question that everybody raised, this plan continually was also being improved.</p>

<p>At the beginning, Tang Wulin truly has thought that or strove to excel ‚borrowing’, but he just suddenly got a sudden inspiration, has remembered yesterday's War God Temple Senior.</p>

<p>Shrek Academy it can be said that has pupils everywhere absolutely, this is the Academy strongest place. It seems neutral Academy, has the huge influence to entire Federation. Student, Shrek Inner Court walks particularly from Shrek, which is not a God's favored one, moreover they have the greatly strengthened sense of belonging to Academy inevitably.( ~^~)</p>

  </body>
</html>