<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="842">#842: Soul Power vortex</h2>
<p>The formidable strength back, often follows the unpredictable crisis. Tang Wulin more and more started to realize now that Golden Dragon King bloodline might take to the reaction of own. It is no doubt formidable, but formidable strength must during the control of own, be best. Cannot make him lose control.</p>

<p>Therefore, Tang Wulin in the cultivate process, is in itself also unceasingly unifies through Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power and own bloodline now, is relying on Mysterious Heaven Skill pure grows continually to filter own bloodline energy, unceasing its purification.</p>

<p>The surface seems, does this to his cultivation is not big for the promotion, but in fact, is actually continuously is reducing him to have the possibility appear(ance) hidden danger. Moreover, in this process, Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power has further also been compressed. Do not visit him, only then Five Rings cultivates is, but in fact, in the situation of same rank, by the Soul Power compression degree and pure degree, Tang Wulin is second to none absolutely.</p>

<p>Like this time meditation, what he is more is must own learns in this year achieve mastery through a comprehensive study the thing and self- promotion that but does not promote Soul Power eagerly.</p>

<p>Initially, Mu Chen when taught that his forging, first taught him, establishes foundation, with steady steps promotion. Only then foundation is reliable, in the future can walk is farther.</p>

<p>Therefore, Tang Wulin meditation does not worry now, he promotes strength of Soul Power and bloodline slowly, while is feeling own body each slightest Transformation.</p>

<p>The human body has the infinite mystery, Martial Soul similarly so. Is feeling each Transformation on own body silently, making his feeling more and more clear. That insightful flavor, making him gradually enter a marvelous meditation condition.</p>

<p>„Ten minutes, but ten minutes did he enter depth meditation? This boy......” speechless of Nightmare Old Devil face, other five Old Devil are also dumbfounded.</p>

<p>„What to do?”</p>

<p>„What to do can also, we also be able to awaken inadequately from depth meditation him?”</p>

<p>„Should not like this, not should like this!” Obese old man breathless saying.</p>

<p>„Gets what one deserves!”</p>

<p>The spatial bright feeling does not know how long has continued, Tang Wulin Soul Power is revolving naturally, rhythm, when he restores to realize gradually, he discovered with amazement that in the own sensation, the body of own as if became transparent.</p>

<p>All in within the body present are light golden-colored, the circle melt pleasant, in Dantian, golden-colored and Soul Power of white perfect integration leads the strength of bloodline to circle the reciprocation, unexpectedly was take shape vortex.</p>

<p>This seems in not big vortex, Soul Power is rich, changes into the liquid completely, strength of perfect integration gentle Soul Power vortex and bloodline, that quiet revolving.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin felt own Soul Power obviously becomes formidable, what was more important, all energy of own within the body as if had a feeling of order. Under Life aura unceasing moistening, he feels the skeleton and internal organ(s) of own under premise that in tenacity originally increases steadily, unexpectedly were many a transparent sense of reality, insightful, just likes crystal is ordinary.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>Although Tang Wulin does not understand that this is any realm, but he knows that the body of own enters certainly another stage.</p>

<p>In Soul Power vortex about Dantian, is actually clearer by his knowledge. Soul Power vortex should be Six Rings later appear(ance)!</p>

<p>Because, when Soul Master cultivate to Seven Rings, is an enormous bottleneck. In this bottleneck the most important point is the Soul Power qualitative change.</p>

<p>condense Soul Nucleus is the matter that Seven Rings Soul Saint must achieve, only then condense Soul Nucleus has been able cultivation to promote 70th Rank, then Soul Ring direct fusion with Soul Spirit or the Soul Beast is promoted, has seventh Soul Skill Martial Soul avatar, thus enters to brand-new Domain.</p>

<p>Only then above Seven Rings has repaired is, can be called High Rank Soul Master.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Tang Wulin present range Seven Rings also falls far short, but, before Soul Power vortex is actually condense Soul Nucleus, matter that must handle.</p>

<p>Soul Power vortex can also be said as Soul Nucleus foundation. Relies on vortex appear(ance), Soul Master can absorb to many Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces, through revolving of vortex, compresses own Soul Power unceasingly continually, till take shape solid state Soul Nucleus.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Soul Power now at best is about 53rd Rank, has ten multistage disparities from Seven Rings. But normal, Soul Master starts to try take shape Soul Power vortex in 69th Rank, then waits for Soul Power vortex nature condense Soul Nucleus, completes qualitative to leap. When this process compared with other rank cultivate wants slow many. Why this also surpasses above Seven Rings to cultivate is Soul Master that few reasons.</p>

<p>Once Soul Nucleus take shape, Soul Master regarding the Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces sensation, the guidance, will have the huge leap. Thus makes own incomparably formidable. To that time, too has not needed to be worried that Soul Power will consume completely, Soul Nucleus oneself can tow the Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces prompt supplement. So long as is not fight of oversized consumption, generally speaking, Soul Saint Soul Power grows continually.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin 53rd Rank, Soul Power vortex already take shape, this, not only means that his Soul Power compression degree far supernormal person, what is more important is regarding the understanding of own Soul Power is also so.</p>

<p>Soul Power vortex take shape biggest advantage Tang Wulin felt immediately, was relying on the vortex force of traction, he can better Control live in own within the body the strength of bloodline, was insufficient by them not by Control broke through Ninth Layer Seal.</p>

<p>This is really the accident happy! Tang Wulin can feel obviously own Soul Power has promoted 1st Rank, from 52nd Rank to 53rd Rank. Although one year of time promoted two-level Soul Power to be not many, but this promotion was actually extremely stable. Let alone, he also has learned that many things in this year.</p>

<p>meditation can finish, has not known long time.</p>

<p>While Tang Wulin prepared to finish own meditation time, suddenly, his body trembled slightly, a marvelous feeling arose spontaneously.</p>

<p>That feeling looked like in his body were many a seed, but seed germination, finally started to bloom the feeling of its Life aura.</p>

<p>This feeling was really too marvelous, Tang Wulin only thought that own was surrounded by unequalled Life energy instantaneously, surroundings Life energy rich to instantaneously his body completely Devour.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>„Buzz”</p>

<p>Heads lift unceasingly, look to some direction. On the Old Devil face revealed the shock inexplicable color.</p>

<p>„What situation?”</p>

<p>They noticed that is the bluish-green light beam shoots up to the sky in the islands together suddenly, in the islands enough strong Life aura, increased suddenly by the geometrical multiple violent.</p>

<p>This situation for them is also extremely rare, time, numerous position Old Devil are startled.</p>

<p>„Life Tide? Previous Life Tide is not 20 years ago just appear(ance)? How to come?”</p>

<p>Life Tide, each Hundred Year on Devil Island meets appear(ance) one time. Whenever Life Tide appear(ance) time, is on Devil Island the strength of suppressed weakest time Ruin, is the Life energy richest time. Whenever at this time, near Devil Islands, will gather huge quantity of Sea Soul Beast, makes own evolve through absorb these Life energy.</p>

<p>Therefore, reason that some that many formidable Sea Soul Beast near Devil Islands, have isolated here, to rather is protecting here.</p>

<p>This Life Tide must be bigger than Humanity regarding the Soul Beast advantage, it can guide the benign qualitative change on Soul Beast appear(ance) bloodline directly, said accurately can Sea Soul Beast bloodline purification.</p>

<p>But, with previous time is separated by for 20 years, unexpectedly appear(ance) Life Tide, this completely is not the normal situation.</p>

<p>Light and Shadow flash through, numerous position Old Devil gathered at one quickly.</p>

<p>---------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>