<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="797">#797: Ten Thousand Years Deep Turtle</h2>
<p>The formidable voice is mixing Spiritual Strength as well as the Golden Dragon King dragon power eruption.</p>

<p>The middle-aged person stares slightly, the purple light that releases covers immediately one slow.</p>

<p>Reappears at the same time the purple only shield in his front, that only shield presents is the carapace appearance, impressively is a purple-black turtle, has blocked Golden Dragon Shocks the Heavens assault with the shell.</p>

<p>Does Soul Spirit protect the body?</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin heart one startled, he felt that transmits vigorously, hits to the body of own.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin strength is astonishing, although cultivates to be by far inferior in the match, but his body intensity is also the superelevation. The Golden Dragon Tyrant Body release, whole body scales and Battle Armor all changed into the mirror surface shape, Golden Dragon Spear can resist the pollution that purple light covered to make his confidence increase. Is relying on own strength and Battle Armor and Soul Skill, must shoulder opposite party assault hardly.</p>

<p>As a result of his resisting, has given own Blue Silver Emperor enough time finally, has flung nearby wounded, makes companion have time retreat.</p>

<p>But the next quarter, the absolute strength disparity has appeared.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that chest one stuffy, own hit flew, the strength of strong Golden Dragon King Qi and Blood weakens rapidly, he discovered with amazement, although the purple light of opposite party cannot pollute own, but actually needs own the strength of Qi and Blood to carry on the counter-balance, can not be corroded. Just contacted this flash, Tang Wulin felt that own the strength of Qi and Blood received not small assault.</p>

<p>The middle-aged people let somebody cool off or calm down looks to Tang Wulin, „a little meaning.” The right hand extends, that only purple turtle falls in his palm. The turtle is not big, diameter about one foot, purple-black, has the eye of a pair of white all over the body, in the eye pupil that white and shines has filled cold and gloomy aura.</p>

<p>„Deep Turtle!” Xie Xie loses one's voice startled.</p>

<p>Deep Turtle, very rare Soul Beast, only lives in the gloomiest cold and gloomy place, absorb Negative Energy is to live. The growth of Deep Turtle is slow, just when the birth Deep Turtle height be was only less than one inch, each Thousand Years can length one inch, in other words, Deep Turtle on this middle-aged manpower, have Ten-thousand Years to cultivate fully is.</p>

<p>The Deep Turtle most formidable place, is it can the air/Qi of refining Extreme Yin, if meets Soul Master that Martial Soul agrees with, big of its amplification function, even can let the Martial Soul directed evolution.</p>

<p>Let alone Ten-thousand Years, even if Thousand Years cultivates for Deep Turtle is extremely difficult homing existence. This Evil Soul Master can have Ten-thousand Years Deep Turtle to take Soul Spirit, the great strength of its strength, it can be imagined.</p>

<p>Eight Rings Soul Douluo rank Elite, has not dressed Battle Armor to make Tang Wulin they somewhat be hard to resist. Although only then a person, but formerly all Evil Soul Master added that was inferior that his threat is big.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu is holding Xu Xiaoyan, looks to her Battle Armor ripped open place. Luckily, Battle Armor has blocked overwhelming majority attack, but after Xu Xiaoyan carries on the back, piece of purple-black is spreading slowly, Xu Xiaoyan eyes shuts tightly, All-Out stimulates to movement Soul Power, can limit this piece of purple-black in certain range.</p>

<p>„Negative Energy enters the body, must relieve immediately. Once otherwise entered main meridians to be big on trouble.” Xie Xie to Le Zhengyu rapid saying.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin moves sideways to arrive at side your Xu Xiaoyan, right hand Golden Dragon Claw empty according to above her sores, the strong Golden Dragon King bloodline beginning to accrue interest surge release, fills firm bloodline aura to drill into under the Xu Xiaoyan skin, melts that purple-black rapidly.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King bloodline, to positive just, to pure to positive! Deep Turtle is strong, cannot compare with Golden Dragon King bloodline stage. That Evil Soul Master cultivate to profound, practices extremely pure air/Qi of Jihai day of the tenth lunar month, this makes Tang Wulin be hard to resist. If both sides cultivate for in the same level line, Tang Wulin naturally must compared with him.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan opens eyes, hit to tremble smartly spirit, „quite cold!”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu hurries to enclasp her, „how is it? Many?”</p>

<p>„Was all right!” Xu Xiaoyan shakes the head to him.</p>

<p>At this time, the Shrek Seven Monsters seven people besides Xu Lizhi, all gathered here.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin lifted the hand to squeeze in the own mouth to eat two Steamed Stuffed Bun, Xu Lizhi third Soul Skill, Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun, the fourth Soul Skill Puncture fork gets a swelled head!</p>

<p>Not only he, Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan respectively has also eaten up these two Steamed Stuffed Bun. Three people stand in the front line, looks out the match.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui a pair of Great Hammer was corroded 1/10, that Negative Energy diverges. Obviously its might.</p>

<p>That black-clothed person as if interesting visits them, „no wonder can kill my person. You somewhat are truly different from ordinary Soul Master. Interesting, but, you believe that depends on you to prevent me?”</p>

<p>His words spoke of here, suddenly, the eyebrow selected, mutters the tunnel: „Comes is very quick, such being the case, can only fight a battle to force a quick decision.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, his pair of purple eye pupil ray of light greatly is suddenly bright, the back purple light ascension, changes into the giant ghost. aura suddenly to increase who sends out from him. purple-black armor reappear from him.</p>

<p>purple-black armor piece filled was gloomy and cold and gloomy, what stranger was, his breastplate front had the oval scoop channel, the middle-aged person backhands presses, that Deep Turtle according to entering in scoop channel. Immediately, the color of Deep Turtle whole body became profounder, unexpectedly with his Battle Armor unified whole.</p>

<p>Back, the a pair of giant wing opens, this is the Two Word Battle Armor characteristics. But is very obvious, what this middle-aged person puts on is not Two Word Battle Armor.</p>

<p>demon mark reappear from Battle Armor, the under foot also along with it appear(ance) diameter three meters purple-black ring of light, the ring of light addendum circle presented the thorn shape, the interior is the complex demon mark constitutions, most central is a ghosts and demons shape.</p>

<p>Martial Soul projection, Domain Aura, Three Word Battle Armor!</p>

<p>Is representing Two Word Battle Armor like Wings, Domain Aura is representing Three Word Battle Armor!</p>

<p>Three Word Battle Armor brings Domain special effect, moreover absolutely is Domain that and Soul Master itself agrees with extremely. In this Domain, Soul Master fighting strength at least can promote one time.</p>

<p>Eight Rings cultivates is, Three Word Battle Armor! This can shake hardly does not put on the Battle Armor Super Rank Douluo stage strength!</p>

<p>The look on Shrek Seven Monsters people face becomes ugly!</p>

<p>Domain mighty energy that the terrifying pressure that Three Word Battle Armor brings, that momentarily possibly blooms particularly, the Tang Wulin six people of oppression have the feeling of not gasping for breath. Even if Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun started to play role, but stage of both sides differed is really too far.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin bites the tip of tongue, steps forward forward one step. On the face the look sinks to congeal, „Yuan En, Fallen Angel! Xiaoyan, Star-time Chains!”</p>

<p>In has in front of Super Rank Douluo stage Elite, wants to run away radically is impossible. But can listen from just thinking aloud of that Evil Soul Master, the reinforcements should not be far. This is their only vitalities, so long as insists that may live.</p>

<p>In a Tang Wulin horizontal hand Golden Dragon Spear, four golden-colored ring of light ray of light bloom. He was unable to summon Tyrannosaurus at this time again, otherwise, can certainly insist longer time. But is Captain, he must keep off in the dead ahead. Protects own companion.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan was relieved the air/Qi of Extreme Yin by Tang Wulin, although the consumption is not small, but displays Soul Skill is without question. Also eats up Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun rapidly, simultaneously has lightened own fourth Soul Skill.</p>

<p>illusory as if the chains series that becomes by stars condense on everyone, dissolves them as one.</p>

<p>Star-time Chains, Shared Life! attack that they withstand, will all share on everyone. On Xu Lizhi of distant place, has connected Star-time Chains.</p>

<p>They each other can feel heartbeat, can feel each other condition, the regard is interlinked.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu grabbed the hand of Xu Xiaoyan subconsciously, Xu Xiaoyan has struggled gently, but Le Zhengyu actually grasped was very tight, said that anything is not willing to let loose.</p>

<p>In just, him thinks that own must lose Xu Xiaoyan, luckily, Xu Xiaoyan has shouldered. He is not willing to let loose her.</p>

<p>„Kills you, does not have what difference with being run over and dying ant!” Saying that Evil Soul Master lets somebody cool off or calm down. Back pair of wings flaps, the right hand in airborne empty grasps, immediately, a huge purple-black big hand, directly soars the dead ahead the Tang Wulin overhead to grasp. Meanwhile, spreads in his Battle Armor Domain Aura instantaneously, one completely covers Shrek Seven Monsters.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart the secret passage is not good, this Evil Soul Master has not despised them because of the strength disparity of both sides, inspires Domain Aura, must strike to kill them in shortest time.</p>

<p>Did not have the means! Cannot his Domain to cover all. Otherwise, in his Domain, own and companion can only be whatever butchers.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin fourth golden-colored ring of light Great Release of Rays of Light, a golden-colored aperture along with it appear(ance) in his, the outward diffusion to the diameter five meters, covers in which Shrek Seven Monsters suddenly completely. At this time, Xu Lizhi receives lead of Star-time Chains, converged rapidly.</p>

<p>-----------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued..)</p>

  </body>
</html>