<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="860">#860: Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo</h2>
<p>Listened to the Zhen Hua words, a Tang Wulin face forced smile, this ginger is old spicy! The own book thinks processing was very attractive, has not actually thought that this is Senior Teacher they give a snare under Holy Spirit Cult cloth.</p>

<p>On the Zhen Hua face smiling face restraining, „this time matter is serious. Has not thought really that Holy Spirit Cult these people are unexpectedly bold to this degree. Wulin, does your boy this go is such long time, how Academy sends military training that you go to?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin works as these many people not to say many, is only fluent: „Also very has the harvest. This just did not come back to come to see you.”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua nodded, „comes, I give you to introduce.” At the same time was saying, he points at the opposite two middle-aged female saying: „These two from War God Temple, are War God Temple Present Generation War God.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not known nothing regarding War God Temple now, War God Temple altogether 18 War God, this is War God Temple mainstay existence. 18 War God all are Titled Douluo rank Elite. Directly by the designation of Federation Parliament. It is said above 18 War God, War God Temple also has the apex strength, as for is any Tang Wulin is not clear.</p>

<p>Two middle-aged female look does not have any specially outstanding place.</p>

<p>Under the introduction of Zhen Hua, Tang Wulin knew that their called Tang Liyue, called Zhu Xuan.</p>

<p>Tang Liyue title Ice Moon, Zhu Xuan title Dawn Cat. Truly is two Titled Douluo.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua aims at a middle-aged person again, said: „This came from Spirit Transferring Pagoda Heavenly Saint Douluo Xu Shengqun.” Introduced this time, Zhen Hua obviously compared with before introduce that two War God Temple female War God want serious many.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries saying: „Your Excellency hello.”</p>

<p>Xu Shengqun has a relish looks at Tang Wulin, nodded to him.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said with a smile: „Brother Xu is now one of the Spirit Transferring Pagoda Four Great Spirit Transferring Envoys.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart shakes, regarding Spirit Transferring Pagoda he War God Temple understanding were more , the organization of Spirit Transferring Pagoda is very strict.</p>

<p>At first, Federation Parliament establishes, actually has profited from the Spirit Transferring Pagoda high-level pattern.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda has 36 elders, initial time holds an office by all influence. But on Continent is getting more and more important along with the status of development and Spirit Transferring Pagoda of time. Gradually, Spirit Transferring Pagoda own take shape an independent individual.</p>

<p>For all this, present Spirit Transferring Pagoda as before is the discussing official business group comprised of 36 elders handles the important matter.</p>

<p>Above discussing official business group, several high levels, includes Spirit Transferring Pagoda Pagoda Master, two Vice Pagoda Master as well as Four Spirit Transferring Envoys . This complete 42 people, are all high levels of Spirit Transferring Pagoda organization.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda on the other hand is a very democratic organization, even if Pagoda Master cannot act in a self-serving manner, but Pagoda Master has a vote veto, this point is fiercest. Vice Pagoda Master and Spirit Transferring Envoy(s) everyone has two tickets voting rights, is next to the Pagoda Master three tickets. Each discussing official business group elders have a ticket. Whenever there is the important matter must decide, is the time of collective voting.</p>

<p>Two Vice Pagoda Master and Four Great Spirit Transferring Envoys must have the enormous contribution to be elected regarding the Spirit Transferring Pagoda organization besides itself, what is more important, they are representing the Spirit Transferring Pagoda peak strength. At least is also Super Rank Douluo above stage existence.</p>

<p>In other words, front Heavenly Saint Douluo Xu Shengqun, purely in cultivation for on, but must surpass Innate Body Sect Sect Master Mu Ye. How as for synthesizing fighting strength to be unknown.</p>

<p>The Zhen Hua vision changes last, from his look, Tang Wulin even saw the respect. By Zhen Hua one generation of Divine Craftsman Continent status, meets appear(ance) to respect this expression unexpectedly, in front of him this status on Continent meets venerates?</p>

<p>Not only he, even if in his Mu Ye, in the vision falls when finally on this, revealed a complex look similarly, from his look, what Tang Wulin saw was the fear.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Zhen Hua or Mu Ye, on Continent are the characters who the stamping the feet all sea shivers, can let them so, it can be imagined this was what kind of existence.</p>

<p>That middle-aged person figure is slim, look is handsome, a little he and Tang Wulin look like very much, has the a pair of very attractive eye, the look is gentle, the eyelash is very long, although seems is about 40 -year-old ages, but as before has actually been full of the mature charm of middle-aged man.</p>

<p>Sits there, as if no what powerful aura to reveal, at least was inferior that front several are so noticeable, but when the Tang Wulin vision falls on him, actually cannot help but will be attracted by him.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said: „Wulin, this said with some of your origins.”</p>

<p>„Has the origin with me?” Tang Wulin surprised [say / way].</p>

<p>That middle-aged person shows a faint smile to him, reveals a words tooth, „my own introduced own. I called Zang Xin, we were Tang Sect.”</p>

<p>Zang Xin? Regarding Tang Wulin, this name is without doubt strange. Must say that only and he has the place of things in common, possibly is the name gesture comparison......</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said: „Senior Zang is Tang Sect Douluo Hall Vice Hall Master, title Excessive Love (passionate).”</p>

<p>„cough cough.” Zang Xin hears the title of own, immediately coughs two. Resembling is somewhat awkward.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua hurrying syllabic final, somewhat awkward [say / way]: „Sorry, I forgot you not to be willing to mention your title.”</p>

<p>This time Tang Wulin has not actually noted the sense organ of Zang Xin to own title, was been completely shocking by the Douluo Hall three characters.</p>

<p>The Tang Sect internal structure he was clearer, Inner Three Halls and Outer Three Halls, his own is in Inner Three Halls, Battle Soul Hall member.</p>

<p>Inner Three Halls , in descending order , are Worship Hall, Battle Soul Hall and Law Enforcement Hall. But above Outer Three Halls, Tang Sect also most highest authority location, was Douluo Hall.</p>

<p>It is said that only then Worship Hall Worshipped has to rise into the Douluo Hall possibility. Douluo Hall Hall Master is Present Generation Tang Sect Sect Master.</p>

<p>At present this, unexpectedly is Tang Sect Douluo Hall Vice Hall Master, that also means that he is Under One Person, Above Ten Thousand!</p>

<p>After going to Star Luo Empire, Tang Wulin is very clear, not only Tang Sect has the pivotal status in Douluo Continent, is even higher than on Douluo Continent in the Star Luo Continent status.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua formerly to the name of Xu Shengqun was Brother Xu, but to the name of this Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo Zang Xin was actually Senior Zang, the difference between this may be big. Without doubt, this Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo age does not seem that young like the surface.</p>

<p>„Yeah, blames Hall Master, in the past must have a such title to me, this is really loses disgraced for a lifetime! Wulin, you do not need to call me any Your Excellency, do not call my title. You called me Old Zang to be good.”</p>

<p>Amiability that this Douluo Hall Vice Hall Master could not say, on the face throughout was the happy expression glistening, but Tang Wulin does not dare so, to hurry the respectful [say / way]: „Tang Wulin has seen Vice Hall Master.”</p>

<p>Zang Xin shows a faint smile, first meeting, gives you a small gift. At the same time was saying, he lifts the hand, a small thing flew toward Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to receive, falls starts, is a circular small sign, small sign manufacture is fine, the interior has Soul Guidance Method Array existence obviously, the outside seems is also very beautiful, side is blue side is red, both sides inscribe Tang word.</p>

<p>„Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark!”</p>

<p>Including Xu Shengqun, other five Titled Douluo lose one's voice to call out in alarm all.</p>

<p>That two females, Ice Moon Douluo Tang Liyue and Dawn Cat Douluo Zhu Xuan looks the color of envying, even somewhat is unable to restrain oneself.</p>

<p>Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark? Even if Tang Sect Disciples, Tang Wulin does not know that this is any existence. But he is intelligent, immediately bows over 90 degrees, respectful [say / way]: „Many thanks Vice Hall Master grants.” He does not dare to call Zang Xin is Old Zang.</p>

<p>Zang Xin said with a smile: „Not anything, this is Hall Master makes me give you. I also deliver favor done at little or no cost. You obtain, is you earns.”</p>

<p>„Hall Master? Does Hall Master also know me?” Who Tang Sect Present Generation Douluo Hall Hall Master is, let alone Tang Wulin, even if many Titled Douluo does not know. Only then Continent genuine stands in peak few talented people knows this mysterious Hall Master status.</p>

<p>Zang Xin said: „Is taking Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark, when you have free time comes to Douluo Hall, how naturally some people will tell you to use. Remembers that received, if lost, you missed this chance.”</p>

<p>„Yes.” Tang Wulin respectful complies with one, then arrives at Mu Ye and Zhen Hua behind stands firm, here without doubt is an elder, where has the share that he sits.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said with a smile: „This time is thinking has Senior Zang to assume personal command personally, can perhaps fish the strip big fish to come, has not actually thought that was destroyed by Wulin accidentally. Was inferior that we have lunch first. Mu Ye, wanted to be laborious you.”</p>

<p>„Good.” The Mu Ye words are not many, comply with one, then shot a look at Tang Wulin, „boy, comes to overcome the hand to me.”</p>

<p>-------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>