<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="903">#903: seven-colored miasma</h2>
<p>That person of look that sits is handsome, seems the 30-year-old appearance, the body has to plant the dust aura.</p>

<p>youth sees him, the expression immediately becomes excited, walks to go forward quickly, sat in his opposite, „Vice Hall Master.”</p>

<p>The middle-aged people advance in front of one cup of tea him, „tastes.”</p>

<p>youth has gawked, but also immediately calms down, carries the teacup, blows the above steam, then tosses down.</p>

<p>Light delicate fragrance following the steam inflow abdomen, immediately, he only thought that comfortable of whole body warm not being able saying that the body fragrant was also lingered by the tea.</p>

<p>„Knows that you are living, I was very happy. At least, Shrek has preserved eventually the fire seed of recurrence. At least Shrek inheritance has not cut off.”</p>

<p>The eyeground of middle-aged person flashes through a sorrow.</p>

<p>youth lowered the head, eyes flood red, sinking sound track: „Vice Hall Master, our Tang Sect present situation how?”</p>

<p>The middle-aged people shake the head, „is not very good. After General Headquarters was exploded, all Dazzling Era Tang Sect divided Company to suffer forcing out of various levels, cooperated the close military also to cut off the communication with us, in darkness in Ming, the multiple attack also arrived. This is carries on obviously deliberate. Hall Master decided that all branches temporarily close, Tang Sect has many deals with the crisis plan, now starts is one of the plans, moreover is aims at the most grave circumstance that.”</p>

<p>youth said: „Besides Holy Spirit Cult, but also who?”</p>

<p>The middle-aged person light [say / way] of: „Have you heard a few words? The wall people push but actually. This time plot fears the history to be glorious, simultaneously aims at Shrek and Tang Sect, this is not one generation of can achieve. Holy Spirit Cult was pushed by the stage, but actually many people, I can only tell you secretly, the place of seeing is an enemy. Tang Sect and Shrek status was too aloof in Continent, in fact, we had already thought that Federation will cope with us one day, but has not thought that the method so will be intense, moreover such rapidness that comes.”</p>

<p>„Shrek Present Generation Sea God Pavilion Ancient, is our Tang Sect present leader, is sinner. We immersed in own background are too long and are too long. Felt to have the possibility crisis to meet appear(ance) obviously, always thought that nobody dares to act rashly. But the fact showed that we have made a mistake, the enemy imagines cruel many compared with us, even is willing to come to be buried along with the dead to us with thousands of people.”</p>

<p>youth gains ground, in his eyes has golden light (Jin Guang) glittering faintly, „Vice Hall Master, how does Tang Sect later prepare?”</p>

<p>The middle-aged person light [say / way] of: „Nobody can after coping with Tang Sect has not paid the price. Magnificence of Tang Sect, not because these attack die out. Shrek is also same. I listened to Zhen Hua to say the goal of your this time coming. Tang Sect background, even is Shrek background, even if these people not completely is also clear. You are in the future, Tang Sect and Shrek future. In your hands, Tang Sect and Shrek, will certainly reconstruct.”</p>

<p>„Previous time I give your Tang Sect Ice and Fire Decree, became invalid. But the Tang Sect mystical place, Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well, will open to you. Tang Sect in secret, All-Out will support your superior. These people can, even be on Thousand Years time plan us with several Hundred Year. We do not care, with one generation, even is several generations of effort, brings back thing that we earn. Perhaps, beforehand Tang Sect and Shrek extremely in observing the regular reason, will make these people so unscrupulous. 10 million Life, such will not die in vain.”</p>

<p>The middle-aged people said these words, the temperature in entire teahouse dropped, the prestigious imposing manner dodged to pass.</p>

<p>youth makes an effort has selected, „our Duty-bound Responsibility. Can Vice Hall Master, when go to Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well?”</p>

<p>„Immediately.” The middle-aged people stand up, „Wulin, we meet your companion now. Then goes directly.”</p>

<p>„Yes.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin that youth put on make-up, but follows in his young girl, naturally is Gu Yue that loses recalls.</p>

<p>At this time Gu Yue stands side Tang Wulin, is winking the big eye, seems is listening to Heavenly Book to be ordinary likely.</p>

<p>But Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo Zang Xin that middle-aged person, Tang Wulin once had met, Present Generation Tang Sect Douluo Hall Vice Hall Master. Also is the Tang Sect second person.</p>

<p>Two seem very ordinary Soul Guide Steam Vehicle drives into the street, stops in the teahouse front.</p>

<p>Zang Xin in going out of the flash of teahouse, muscle Transformation on his face, the image of whole person changed a person.</p>

<p>Does this is completely necessary, because to Continent Soul Guidance Technology, the satellite even can at present relaxed person who through look searching to assigning.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and Gu Yue with Zang Xin on same car(riage).</p>

<p>Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo light [say / way]: „Now Tang Sect comprehensively changed over to underground, after Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well, you enlist in the military according to the plan. Other you do not need multibarreled.”</p>

<p>„Yes.” Tang Wulin listened to his words, immediately felt the shoulder pole on own shoulder light several points, although did not have Academy, may have the dependence eventually, Tang Sect was the backing.</p>

<p>Zang Xin by the chairback, closes both eyes, „Wulin, you remember. If your anything has not done, or has not achieved enough degree. Then, you have been isolated on Continent. After you make certain progress, you will look like the loadstone to be common, once Shrek background, Tang Sect background, will attract absorbs in your body surroundings. In official investigation, in these person of hearts, you already nonexistent in this world, but your potentials and your status, actually most suit lead Shrek and Tang Sect rise.”</p>

<p>„Now you, not only Shrek Seven Monsters, is Sea God Pavilion Present Generation Ancient, will be the Tang Sect future hope. After leaving Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well, do not contact Tang Sect again, for your own does not expose. Under certain options, Tang Sect will contact you on own initiative. Yes?”</p>

<p>„Understood.” Tang Wulin was saying at the same time, in the heart also slightly vibrates, Zang Xin this turns the words is telling him actually, their responsibility are important, in the meantime, they most times, can only depend upon own.</p>

<p>It seems like that perhaps this large explosion, the loss of Tang Sect, must be bigger than the imagination.</p>

<p>After a half hour, joins other Shrek Seven Monsters six people of Heaven Dou City suburbs, two altitude camouflage Tang Sect Combat Car drove the main road.</p>

<p>The glass along with it grow darking, front partition board falls. Has blocked from the line of sight of people. Ice and Fire Yin Yang Well is the Tang Sect most important mystical place, even if in view of them, the route also needs to keep secret.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not known how long, approximately after is his twice meditation time, the car(riage) stopped slowly.</p>

<p>The Gu Yue volt rests fragrantly on his leg.</p>

<p>„To.” The glass brightens, can see outside all again, Tang Wulin discovered that Combat Car arrived in piece of forest.</p>

<p>The people because of the adaptation ray, narrow the eye to get out.</p>

<p>forest seems very primitive, had not been developed appearance. In addition, could not see other.</p>

<p>Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo said: „Comes with me. From now on, you must listen to me to direct, on the road is unsafe.” Then, when he takes the lead first.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin draws Gu Yue to follow, other people follow on the heels.</p>

<p>speed that Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo leads the way is not quick, the people can follow. After walking into forest, the people look at surroundings unavoidably curiously.</p>

<p>All seem are very ordinary, does not have what strange flower and grass.</p>

<p>About two childhood, the topography suddenly became rugged.</p>

<p>„With my step, do not go astray. Here has many deadly poison Plant, poison will be very troublesome.” Zang Xin said.</p>

<p>surroundings all do not know when suddenly starts becomes illusory gets up, Tang Wulin only thought that own as if strided in a fuzzy world, only has Zang Xin before to see clearly.</p>

<p>This is......, illusion?</p>

  </body>
</html>