<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="895">#895: Suffers small alluring woman of person</h2>
<p>Strong radar, so long as specifically does not aim at underground, is impossible to survey the bottom deep place hundred meters to have anything.</p>

<p>The Gu Yue volt carries on the back in Tang Wulin, both hands are holding his neck, Tang Wulin by the a pair of dragon claw opening, directly soars the front excavation.</p>

<p>His is not motion of being able choose the exact way because of flurry, but before because, when jumps down from stronghold, he sees not far away to have grand river. This should originally across Star Dou Forest Rivers Flow, because afterward forest was felled, Rivers Flow exposes. The river breadth an approximately hundred meters water depth does not know. But this is the best escaping route that he chooses.</p>

<p>„No. Lost their trail.”</p>

<p>„Rug search. Under land detector.”</p>

<p>The Spirit Transferring Pagoda aspect, has swiftly surrounded this piece of forest. But all surveyed equipment actually not to find Tang Wulin and Gu Yuena trail, as if they baseless disappeared.</p>

<p>After several minutes, the tunnel entrance of Tang Wulin excavation was discovered that but, the tunnel has closed. Needs to unearth is good, words that but, unearths, can find the road cotton suiting that they unearth?</p>

<p>When massive underground Detector ship , after is 15 minutes. Underground within surrounding area dozens li (0.5km) range searches to observe, has not discovered any large-scale Life sign. Tang Wulin and Gu Yuena, such baseless vanished.</p>

<p>„Whish......” in water sound, Tang Wulin and Gu Yue are almost simultaneously appeared from the water.</p>

<p>The cool river water goes downstream, leads their bodies to continue to forward.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin turns head to look, Star Dou Stronghold already in them behind beyond dozens li (0.5km), right, he has dug in the tunnel in the river water, draws support from the river water again the momentum, delivers them, has gone downstream, does not need to take many efforts, has been far away from the spot.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is holding the hand of Gu Yue, hugs into her the own bosom, the gentle voice asked: „Is cold?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue shakes the head, although she lost has recalled, but cultivated for also, where had is sensitive to cold.</p>

<p>„Daddy, you were quite a moment ago fearful, you to they roared, I frighten.” Gu Yue discontented [say / way].</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „Such words, how cannot make them believe that I truly can threaten your Life! Has been all right, they are impossible to discover our. To a downstream point place, after coming ashore, I help you melt a makeup, then we change clothes again, did not have the issue.”</p>

<p>„Oh, Daddy, I am hungry.” Gu Yue is hugging his neck, at this time, their clothes had been soaked by the river water, this pastes, Tang Wulin feels a whole body dryness and heat immediately. That fills youth aura * in bosom, is not really small to his stimulation.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, you can think why they will call you Gu Yuena?” Tang Wulin asked. This question, has been similar to his heart the haze is ordinary, for a very long time does not go.</p>

<p>Gu Yue shakes the head at a loss, but embraces tightly him.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart sighed one darkly, it seems like can only , when Gu Yue restored the memory to say again.</p>

<p>Continues to go downstream about five and six kilometers. When Tang Wulin saw river bank not far High-speed road interlocks, this brings Gu Yue to come ashore.</p>

<p>„Trades to do the clothes, father......, I bring the thing that you look to eat.” Tang Wulin subconscious has almost said Daddy, made his own also awkwardness.</p>

<p>„Daddy, I cannot.” In the Gu Yue big eye full is pure.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin corners of the mouth pull out, won't change the clothes?</p>

<p>At this time, Gu Yue that graceful personal appearance, because the clothes soak, almost appears in him at present, Tang Wulin only thinks a surface hot heartbeat.</p>

<p>„Your this suffers small alluring woman of person.” Tang Wulin groaned, looked for road nearby corner, took out one set of her clothes from Gu Yue Storage Bracelet fast, blushes trades to her. Gu Yue does not have anything actually, Tang Wulin is reaction is fierce.</p>

<p>„Daddy, are you very hot? Your face so is how red!” Gu Yue winks the big eye to ask.</p>

<p>„!” Tang Wulin lifted the hand to clap a palm of the hand on her outstanding buttocks, „shut up.”</p>

<p>„Not!” Gu Yue discontented digs red lips.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin with is not inferior in restraining the Golden Dragon King bloodline breakthrough the painful certainly big will, has not made own do any impulsive matter.</p>

<p>Even if two sentiments likes each other, he does not hope, when Gu Yue loses remembers makes anything to her.</p>

<p>After she changes the clothes, Tang Wulin also fast has changed dry clothes to own. Then was drawing on Gu Yue road, then released his Tang Sect Combat Car, camouflage became the appearance of ordinary vehicles, was bringing Gu Yue along the road the line, was far away fast.</p>

<p>Had Combat Car, this speed quicker must much, through identifying the street sign, Tang Wulin discovered quickly their this roads march forward to the East.</p>

<p>Has not returned to the Shrek City direction eagerly, he drives to a High-speed road after the recent small city, has gotten down High-speed, enters the city. To own and Gu Yue put on make-up on the vehicle.</p>

<p>„Daddy, how you aged.” Gu Yue looks that completed senile cosmetics Tang Wulin to own, frown asked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin helpless [say / way]: „You always manage me to call Daddy, this most nature! Later you little spoke.”</p>

<p>„, Is this is unattractive.” Gu Yue mumbled one.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin leads her to get out, enters small Hotel, opened two rooms, first has settled.</p>

<p>Turns on the Soul Guidance television screen of Hotel room, his complexion also gradually becomes sinks to congeal.</p>

<p>Shrek City had such giant disaster, he believes that at this time in the television should all be the related news.</p>

<p>Experienced the drastic change, then also had the experience in Star Dou Forest, Tang Wulin now the heart was completely calm, the matter occurred, many sad and painful not any significance. First must face the present situation, then finds the way to change. He lives here, mainly for must clear off the mentality, must clarify own then to make anything.</p>

<p>He is very clear, own can such quickly live in the mood on the stability, cannot separate in the side with Gu Yue. Some Lover, him have certainly the big power.</p>

<p>„Shrek City encounters to the unprecedented catastrophe suddenly, Federation Duty-bound Responsibility. Federation Parliament announced dismisses, will pick a lucky day again the election.”</p>

<p>„Shrek City slain population initial statistics are over 12 million people, the wounded about 2 million. The scope of large cities preserves less than one-third, loses is hard to count. Shrek Academy disappears thoroughly, Tang Sect General Headquarters broken not entire. Shows according to the eyewitness and satellite image. If the non- final time, Shrek Academy Present Generation Sea God Pavilion Pavilion Master Sky Raising Douluo Your Excellency All-Out to go to has blocked two Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell majority of mighty energy, perhaps the company was more remote Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters to be exploded affects.”</p>

<p>„The Federation military has formed investigation group, investigates two Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell missing reasons. The commander in chief said that certainly not at any cost will find the murderer. This inhuman massacre, is Continent is unprecedented. The military deeply mourns for the victim.”</p>

<p>„Across Continent, Shrek Academy graduating cadet holds the mourning activities, the victim of express profound condolence Shrek massacre.”</p>

<p>„Tang Sect announced that declares war to Holy Spirit Cult. But according to the insider news, Tang Sect this loss is serious. General Headquarters was destroyed, at least has over four Hall Master Fallen, Tang Sect Douluo Hall Hall Master is missing. At present this station reporter is following up the newest news.”</p>

<p>„Holy Spirit Cult expressed that is responsible for this terrorist attack, but so far, does not have, no matter what how trail. Here, this appeal, all people, once were discovered the suspicious personnel, immediately reports to the local administration official mansion.”</p>

<p>„Some hearsay said that third Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell also with another two same missing. If this is real, then, next by Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell attack, which city will be? Is the Federation government, actually doing?”</p>

<p>Various chaotic news broadcast in Soul Guidance television each channel unceasingly. Tang Wulin looks at the same time, his both hands have gripped tightened the fist. The nail falls into the palm not to be unconscious.</p>

<p>Even if before this time, he also places hopes in all these is illusory, like initially them on Devil Island, all was illusion that Old Devil made. This is just Nightmare.</p>

<p>But, the fact puts at present, without a doubt, this is not Nightmare. Looks in the picture, in Shrek City that two giant gulf, looks at surroundings broken Shrek City that remnant of destroyed building the appearance. Tang Wulin eyes flood red.</p>

<p>12 million people slain! This is 12 million living Life! Such did not have.</p>

<p>Shrek that the Continent first city, day does not fall, has more than 20,000 years of inheritance Shrek Academy fully, such did not have.</p>

<p>The enemies are how ruthless spicily. Brutal.</p>

<p>Closes the television, sits there, Tang Wulin is motionless for a very long time. He is returning to normal the own state of mind, these news that analysis was just obtaining.</p>

  </body>
</html>