<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="780">#780: green-gold Soul Ring</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin only thought that surroundings Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces surges, compared with beforehand own location Sea God Island on does not know that wanted richly many, particularly that rich Life aura, making him unable to bear the takes a deep breath tone, immediately felt Soul Power flowed, comfortable that the whole body could not say. Especially his Martial Soul Blue Silver Emperor, transmits the exhilaration faintly.</p>

<p>Yun Ming said to Tang Wulin: „Here is Sea God Pavilion, Sea God Pavilion depends on this big tree construction, here is also entire Shrek Nucleus. This big tree named Golden Tree, Twenty-thousand Years comes, is its continuously Blessing Shrek, whenever Shrek faced with enormous crisis time, it is always protecting us. Whenever has outstanding talent appear(ance) time, it also always takes to us Wisdom, points out the direction for us. But before you, Old Gold that sees, is this Golden Tree tree spirits, even if we, misses to see, genuine Shrek protector. We do not know that actually Old Gold has made anything to you, but can actually feel the Golden Tree energy sharp decline 30%. But Sea God Island all vegetation change into golden-colored this grade of sign, since existence first time.”</p>

<p>Here, after Yun Ming has stopped one next, said: „I can also tell you a point, initially, the first generation of Shrek Seven Monsters genuine Soul character, Thousand Hands Douluo Tang San after cultivate Becomes a God, before leaving Douluo Continent went to God Realm, has constructed this Sea God Island, was it transfers personally the golden old tree. Now you should understand why we will recognize, your body was flowing his bloodline.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin dumbfounded after listening to Yun Ming to narrate these, slightly had the doubts including his own heart, own was Martial Soul really related with Tang Sect ancestor Tang San? But, the Tang San ancestor is able to move unhindered the big energy before Twenty-thousand Years! This is how possible.</p>

<p>Zhuo Shi he he smiles, said: „Whether or not bloodline of older generation, but this at least is the good deed. Old Gold act , naturally can Wulin helps very much.”</p>

<p>„Good deed?” Yun Ming shot a look at Zhuo Shi one, „was meddlesome to this boy of course. But you may know how many years golden old tree 30% energy do need to accumulate? Three Thousand Years, entire three Thousand Years. But 30% energy, can resist one time devastating the disaster regarding Shrek Academy. Therefore, to Academy, big of loss, is hard to count simply.”</p>

<p>„......” Tang Wulin looks at expression very serious Yun Ming, a forced smile of face, „, but, I do not know how should also go back this energy!”</p>

<p>Yun Ming said: „You release Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul to make us look.”</p>

<p>„Yes.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not dare to neglect, hurries to stimulate to movement Soul Power, inspires the Blue Silver Emperor Martial Soul release of own.</p>

<p>blue-gold thick Vine swarm, Soul Ring also raise from his along with it. Three Purple One are black, Four Soul Rings first ascends.</p>

<p>But, strange picture appear(ance). Behind Tang Wulin, huge blue-gold phantom reappears slowly, was initially appear(ance) of Tang Wulin when Martial Soul Variation Blue Silver Emperor.</p>

<p>Side Blue Silver Emperor, phantom shines together, that is an all over the body Can golden-colored big tree, simply looks like the Golden Tree diminished version.</p>

<p>When these two phantom appear(ance), Tang Wulin only thought that own within the body Soul Power madness surges, the Blue Silver Emperor fierce tremor that all releases, the color also starts appear(ance) strange Transformation. From blue-gold originally, turned into blue and golden-colored alternate glittering.</p>

<p>Two big phantom approach slowly, then mutually fuses unexpectedly, Blue Silver Emperor the branch of sturdy Vine and Golden Tree blends mutually. blue and golden-colored fuse to produce strange green-gold, strong Life aura erupts, even if surroundings is Titled Douluo, they can also feel obviously has rich Life energy to burst out to pour into to their within the body.</p>

<p>Feeling most profound was Light and Dark Douluo, she was in all Titled Douluo oldest one, like such that her own said that she already date and time infinite. But at this moment, she actually obviously felt that own that approached Life origin that withers to pour into vigor unexpectedly likely, the Life fluctuation starts to be strengthened slowly, although are not many are not quick, but that is the promotion of Life origin, but is not the promotion of instantaneous Life strength. This two biggest difference is, former's promotion can permanent retain, but the latter will be only among the moment will diverge.</p>

<p>Two mirage finally closely coincides in together, strange appear(ance), Blue Silver Emperor and Golden Tree vanished, displaces, is together the green-gold form, although that green-gold form is somewhat fuzzy, but roughly in the shape and Tang Wulin are exactly the same, it float in Tang Wulin behind, a take shape diameter ten meters giant corona, the both arms open to the body, have to plant to hug the feeling of entire world.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>„Soul Skill Variation? Martial Soul Variation?” Even if is Sea God Pavilion Master Yun Ming, is unable to judge this outcome to mean anything completely at present.</p>

<p>But at this moment, Tang Wulin behind that green-gold figure swings the body in a flash, changes into green-gold ring of light to drop from the clouds suddenly, the set on Tang Wulin, fell after that black Soul Ring, became Tang Wulin Fifth Soul Ring.</p>

<p>Light and Shadow vanishes, Tang Wulin Blue Silver Emperor is also peaceful. They turned into blue-gold, seemed with formerly did not have what difference. On Tang Wulin, actually solid were many glittering and translucent carving green-gold Soul Ring, Life aura that floods, is similar to the essence is simply ordinary.</p>

<p>Yun Ming as well as audiences Titled Douluo stared in a big way the eye, the Light and Dark Douluo surprised [say / way]: „Ten years of life, just that Life strength poured into, at least has promoted my ten years of life.”</p>

<p>She is so, other Titled Douluo of course are also so.</p>

<p>Ten years of life! This is regardless of cannot trade with much money. Moreover, Light and Dark Douluo already last years of life, so direct judgment own income, but regarding other Titled Douluo, their Life strength is very strong, after obtaining this fresh and rich Life strength poured into, after the overall adjustment, the advantage that gained will be only bigger.</p>

<p>But at this moment, they have no interest to feel own Life energy Transformation, those who most make them shock is front this green-gold Soul Ring.</p>

<p>Soul Ring color normal is the white, yellow, purple, black and red five colors, this was inheritance several Ten-thousand Years came, the Soul Master most basic Soul Ring color, separately was representing for ten years, Hundred Year, Thousand Years, Ten-thousand Years and Hundred-thousand Years. Until before Ten-thousand Years, Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao appears, Creation Soul Spirit system. Surpasses above Hundred-thousand Years cultivates for Soul Spirit, might take shape orange-gold Soul Ring, thus Creation one generation of brand-new Soul Ring appear(ance).</p>

<p>But, their present green-gold, actually absolutely hear something never heard of before, moreover numerous position Titled Douluo can definitely affirm, green-gold in Humanity historical absolutely does not have appear(ance). After being unprecedented, does not have the future. Tang Wulin has done such a matter.</p>

<p>But as brand-new color Soul Ring Creation, on one is Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao, the big energy of sidewise compression first!</p>

<p>„Tries your fifth Soul Skill.” Yun Ming sinking sound track.</p>

<p>Soul Master spies on other people Soul Skill is the matter of unusual taboo, but the situation obviously is here different, presents all people can be said as the Tang Wulin division commander, must think that his Soul Skill naturally cannot have any issue.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to nod, the thought moves, stimulates to movement Soul Power to pour into to own Fifth Soul Ring.</p>

<p>In an instant, green-gold Soul Ring Great Release of Rays of Light, Tang Wulin only thought that Soul Power of own within the body swarms to enter. His whole person on green-gold ray of light by that Soul Ring was shone the homochromy.</p>

<p>Then......</p>

<p>Did not have then......</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Soul Power weakens rapidly, is almost only time that several times breathe, his Soul Power completely has exhausted, unexpectedly by that green-gold Soul Ring just like heavy drinker absorbing water absorb completely.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin body in a flash, the strength of his bloodline is luckily formidable most enough, has not thrown down.</p>

<p>„Soul Skill?” Zhuo Shi asked.</p>

<p>A Tang Wulin face is ignorant, „I and I do not know! I thought that Soul Power suction by that Soul Ring, then does not have on any Transformation......”</p>

<p>The expression of people immediately becomes strange.</p>

<p>This situation hears something never heard of before similarly. Soul Master Soul Skill acts according to different rank consumptions is truly different, may not have Soul Master not to have the means to stimulate to movement Soul Skill, and condition of also Soul Power all suction.</p>

<p>Yun Ming lifts the hand according to the Tang Wulin shoulder, is feeling his body Transformation precisely. Right, his Soul Power all suction, the brook drop not saves.</p>

<p>Traded ordinary Soul Master, Soul Power has exhausted will directly perhaps faint, at least is unable to maintain stands, Tang Wulin relied on the formidable physical quality to be not affected.</p>

<p>-------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>