<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="768">#768: Did not have the trail</h2>
<p>Gu Yue just hit Soul Guide Communicator, said that she must walk, but at this moment, from the Yun Ming hand, Tang Wulin also obtained this kind of letter. In the morning when joyful and happy instantaneous nothing left, just like had been sprinkled trough cold water by the overhead.</p>

<p>He most important two women walked unexpectedly.</p>

<p>„Because of you, is you make Na'er walk sadly. If cannot retrieve Na'er, snort!” Yun Ming cold snort, entire Sea God Island as if shivered.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has slapped a own face fiercely, sends out „” a resounding. Yesterday evening he truly was because has neglected Younger Sister with the Gu Yue mood eruption, at this moment, how can not the painful penetrating heart.</p>

<p>But after this next to long-handled fan gets down, although has left the red trace on the face, but his eyes also rapid calm.</p>

<p>„Hello, you are Na'er Teacher(s), you are Sea God Pavilion Master. Tang Wulin pays a visit Pavilion Master.” He salutes to Yun Ming immediately.</p>

<p>Yun Ming waves, „where will Na'er go to? Can you think?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „I cannot think that I more than three years did not have. Regardless of not to be how impossible to think. Not only Na'er walked, Gu Yue just hit Soul Guide Communicator, said that she also walked. I do not know that they two departures have relations inevitably, but I thought that now we should seek for them in first time. Finds their all have possibly gone to the place. What friend does Na'er have on Sea God Island?”</p>

<p>Yun Ming sees him such quickly to calm down, has not lost the square inch, complexion has also relaxed several points, „does not have. Na'er usually lives in seclusion, besides with our husbands and wives, almost does not have anything to go out together. Does not have anything to walk near person. Otherwise, how possible cultivate by her age to be so fast.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Their two both walked, may have some connections. The Gu Yue words, I must ask companion. Is Shrek Seven Monsters other people, perhaps they will know. Because I in Academy in Outer Court, Inner Court I was not initially familiar. Perhaps they will know. Moreover perhaps Gu Yue or the Spirit Transferring Pagoda person, she will go to Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters, I think that I should go to that side Spirit Transferring Pagoda directly first, simultaneously makes my companion seek together.”</p>

<p>The Yun Ming expression suddenly becomes somewhat strange, „Shrek Seven Monsters, do you know. Gu Yue is for your temporarily substituting for Shrek Seven Monsters Captain status, because she has the Spirit Transferring Pagoda background, cannot become Shrek Seven Monsters. She has believed you will come back, therefore helps your temporarily substituting for position.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stayed, „I do not know. She......”</p>

<p>Yun Ming sinking sound track: „First did not say these, pressed you saying that you went to Spirit Transferring Pagoda to walk first. I also mobilize the Academy person to seek. So long as they have not left Shrek City, certainly can find. Also had better be able find, otherwise I could not forgive you.”</p>

<p>„Um.” Tang Wulin cannot give a thought to the Yun Ming anger, although he makes own calm down reluctantly, can actually not be burning with impatience?</p>

<p>Ran, runs, while dials Soul Guide Communicator to companion that flies also to resemble. Luckily, everybody's Soul Guide Communicator number has not traded.</p>

<p>Xie Xie: „What, did Gu Yue walk? Boss, any situation. Good, Academy inside teaches us to look, you go to Spirit Transferring Pagoda first. You said right, she most has the place that the possibility goes to is Spirit Transferring Pagoda. Usually she every month will go to several times. Previous time we go to Spirit Raising Platform to promote Soul Ring the time, probably I listen to the Spirit Transferring Pagoda person to be honored to her name, she should not lower in the Spirit Transferring Pagoda status now.”</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui: „Um, quickly looks. Since you are missing, the Gu Yue mood not has been right. In Academy gives us.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu, „I the place that eats meal to some outside us frequently look.”</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan, „I usually the cultivate place look to us.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan said: „I seek in the Inner Court range, Lizhi with me together.”</p>

<p>companion all bustle about, but Tang Wulin was actually similar to ran out of Shrek Academy that flew also to resemble, looked for one Car Rental, directly soared Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters to go.</p>

<p>Leaves in him soon, entire Shrek Academy starts to take action, Shrek City all official levels and transport hubs, all receive the notice, and obtained Na'er and Gu Yue picture, seeks for their trails.</p>

<p>Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming is the what kind character, he wants strength that finds a person to start instantaneously to be absolutely giant.</p>

<p>In fact, he has not sought for Na'er in Academy, takes his cultivation as, so long as spreads Spiritual Strength, can cover entire Academy easily, even is Shrek City.</p>

<p>But, he had not actually found the Na'er trail, even is aura. Na'er looked like vanished baseless.</p>

<p>No!</p>

<p>No!</p>

<p>No!</p>

<p>That side Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters, Tang Wulin has not obtained any useful news, first was he could not find. Next is, he is not the Spirit Transferring Pagoda person, has the material about Advanced personnel whereabouts he not to look up. When afterward, was communicated after Academy personally act and Spirit Transferring Pagoda, the news that Spirit Transferring Pagoda gave was, Gu Yue had not gone to Spirit Transferring Pagoda for half a month, now of course not.</p>

<p>Following three days, Tang Wulin and companion almost looked everywhere Shrek City each corner, had not actually found a wee bit clues.</p>

<p>Gu Yue disappears, Na'er disappears, all relation way (of life) are not all able to contact with them.</p>

<p>The major rises of life are mediocre, Tang Wulin watching looked for three days later, finally returned Shrek Academy.</p>

<p>He has not gone to Inner Court, but returned to Work Study Student Dormitory of nobody left. Here does not have freshman, all initially went to Star Luo Continent before them is the same.</p>

<p>Sits on the Dormitory entrance stair, Tang Wulin dull looks at the front, in his bright big eye this time had covered entirely the blood thread.</p>

<p>Why can such depart? Why?</p>

<p>Just in the same place, she just acknowledged she is loves his, actually such left. At this time Tang Wulin genuine realized, the trouble that she faces is huge, perhaps even in her heart, this trouble is unable to resist including Shrek Academy. Why otherwise does she want to walk?</p>

<p>Regarding Na'er, in the Tang Wulin heart has filled guilty, his quite guilty that late has not gone to accompany Na'er, comforts her heart.</p>

<p>Perhaps the suffering of dual pain made the Tang Wulin heart severe pain such as twist, change individual already to collapse. If no that time to spiritual wheting of willpower as well as body, perhaps he cannot withstand.</p>

<p>Sixth that year, Na'er walked.</p>

<p>16-year-old in the present, Na'er departs once more.</p>

<p>Na'er actually where? Gu Yue where? Why do they want to walk? What matter everybody has unable to face together?</p>

<p>Why can go to me?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin suddenly thought that is which time own Dragon Valley is quietest. Busy that every day keeping, but the heart is at least static. Even if has been full of missing to them every day, but at least not such pain.</p>

<p>„Wulin.” Gentle sounds/voices resounds in the side. When Tang Wulin gains ground looked, discovers arrives at side own is actually Dai Yun'er. In her behind also with two people, impressively Long Yue and Xu Mi'er.</p>

<p>„I heard, although does not know why she will depart, but since you are fall in love, looks. She will come back one day.” The Dai Yun'er consolation said.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shook the head.</p>

<p>The Xu Mi'er stride arrives in front of him, „gets up, don't with good-for-nothing. I asked you, did she like you?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nod of without hesitation, regarding this, he does not doubt.</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>