<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="900">#900: Divine Craftsman analysis</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin walks to go forward on own initiative, first after Zhen Hua salutes upon meeting, this Shrek Academy bitter experience attack that day all narrated.</p>

<p>Mu Ye and Zhen Hua are listening to his narration, on the face the expression was more and more dignified.</p>

<p>Shrek City at that time the specific situation of accident, only then present Tang Wulin they are clearest, in front of that Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, other all disappeared. Shrek Academy depending on protecting own Golden Tree thoroughly vanished.</p>

<p>The atmosphere in stone chamber becomes somewhat constrains.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua looks to Tang Wulin, „Wulin, what do you have to plan?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sinking sound track: „First watches changes quietly, waits for the Continent situation to stabilize to find the way to reconstruct Shrek again gradually. We first planned to promote to Two Word Battle Armor Master stage to say first again. Senior Teacher and Teacher(s), you know where has Singular Velvet Sky Chrysanthemum this Heaven and Earth Treasure? Aunt Ya Li said that only then found this type of thing, can help Gu Yue restore to remember.”</p>

<p>Without doubt, Divine Craftsman and Innate Body Sect Sect Master is experienced, therefore Tang Wulin somewhat anxious inquiry.</p>

<p>Mu Ye wrinkled frown, shakes the head slightly, „has heard, but has not actually seen this type of thing.”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said: „I have also heard. Soul Master of this Singular Velvet Sky Chrysanthemum to cultivate body technique will have the advantage. However, I want a place certainly to have. Because in there, has on now Continent many rare Heaven and Earth Treasure. Especially Plant kind.”</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin heart one happy, „where?”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said: „Tang Sect putting out mystical place. Still remembers previous Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo to your Tang Sect Ice and Fire Decree? That token goes to that place. But you need to relate the Tang Sect high level to be good first.”</p>

<p>Speaking of Tang Sect, the Tang Wulin look immediately a dimness. Tang Sect General Headquarters was attacked similarly also by devastating!</p>

<p>„First should not be sad, Tang Sect is different from Shrek. Shrek Academy all in Shrek City, the Shrek City destruction, were equal to Shrek most Nucleus strength all Ruin. But Tang Sect is different, although in Tang Sect General Headquarters also gathered massive Tang Sect Elite, but more importantly, what by Ruin is resources, but is not the human. As far as I know, Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo and No Love (heartless) Douluo at that time not in Tang Sect General Headquarters. Otherwise, although is two Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. If their two collaborates with Sky Raising Douluo, not necessarily cannot block, even if cannot, lose is also insufficient so seriously.”</p>

<p>Listened to his such saying, Tang Wulin immediately the eye one brightly, if Tang Sect can also retain has strength of certain extent, will reconstruct Shrek regarding them in the future, inevitably was the enormous boost. Only by their these eight and nine people, was really extremely weak.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua both eyes narrow the eyes, ponders moment, said: „This Holy Spirit Cult erupts suddenly, is everyone cannot think. We are not completely clear, Holy Spirit Cult has controlled so the terrifying influence unexpectedly. But this time they also quite therefore completely exposed. Bombs Shrek City, their losses will not be small. I understand Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell very much. After that three Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell were studied, has sealed, because not only they destructive power is too strong, is because, wants to actuate their extremely difficulties, needs to consume extremely huge energy. Simply speaking, entire Shrek City City Operations energy adds, reluctantly can promote these three Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. Therefore, Holy Spirit Cult launches this attack, their own consumptions certainly are also huge, but I have not known that artillery shell that now they are any way (of life) that uses to actuate.”</p>

<p>„At present this aspect, outside is chaotic. But the Federation government should be able to stabilize in certain time. When the time comes, we must observe, after this event, who is the benefit obtains a biggest side. Very possible they to have been connected with Holy Spirit Cult. You now also young, young means hopefully. Although now Soul Master, even if Battle Armor Master, because of the High-speed development of Soul Guidance Technology, the status on Continent was not lofty. But I must tell you am, does not want, because this time Kill the Gods Rank Soul Guide Cannon ball loses the confidence to own.”</p>

<p>„Limit Douluo stage Four Word Battle Armor Master, in fact, the essence will not be inferior in Kill the Gods Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell. But to Continent resources, Federation not be at present impossible to develop this stage weapon again. Holy Spirit Cult for this attack, even likely prepared on Thousand Years to succeed. Therefore, in any event , to promote your own strengths diligently is very important. Therefore, I thought that you promote to Two Word Battle Armor Master realm are very correct choices.”</p>

<p>„But similarly, you also need to seek for a future path to own. Shrek was destroyed thoroughly, wants to reconstruct is not certainly easy, is not individual strength can solve, but also needs you to have the enough huge influence to be good. Even if Tang Sect is complete, is impossible to have enough strength to support you to complete this matter. Because once Shrek was really too formidable, to entire Federation must formidable for the degree that it dreaded. This Holy Spirit Cult Ruin Shrek City, Ruin numerous Elite, not necessarily did not have Federation the trace that adds fuel to the flames in behind. Therefore, you want to reconstruct Shrek, then must have certain right to speak to be good in entire Federation.”</p>

<p>Here, Zhen Hua stopped, Tang Wulin [say / way] looking pensive: „Senior Teacher, you suggested how we should do?”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua [say / way] without hesitation: „Enlistment. If I have not remembered incorrectly, your once goal must after Academy graduates enlists in the military. This choice is correct. The military system is the independence beyond political system, although in military system, has divided many factions. But on the other hand, these factions are quite independent. In this case, so long as you can grasp certain military resources, and words that has developed in the military, in the future, you have controlled suitable martial strength, has to rebuild the Shrek possibility.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan frown said: „Your Excellency, our Shrek Academy has that many Senior to graduate, walks into the high level of Continent various trades and occupations. When we reconstruct Shrek, won't they stand?”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said indifferently: „Child, should not be naive. You said right, Shrek Academy has pupils everywhere, calls from a high place, has hundred responses to a single call absolutely. However, this is wants, when Shrek Academy existence, can have such good effect. This is also the Shrek Academy genuine formidable reason. But Shrek Academy , the Shrek person did not lose Nucleus now. When then, you call from a high place, you thought how many people your rallying points can summon?”</p>

<p>„A person enters the society, will be contaminated by the society surely, the body will also bear more community responsibility. They will have the family, will hobble. Then, in this case, will how many people be wholehearted accompany you to reconstruct Shrek calmly together?”</p>

<p>„From another perspective, you, although is the talent outstanding young people, but, you may once think, your present cultivation are are just Soul King and Soul Emperor. But in your Senior does not know that has many to cultivate for above you. What qualifications do you have to summon them? What qualifications also there is representative Shrek? By Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters these characters is not enough. Only if one day, you all can become Four Word Battle Armor Master, has is overawing a side the strength, has this possibility. You remember, want to reconstruct Shrek, the strength and influence, indispensable!”</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>