<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="784">#784: Immovable as a Mountain</h2>
<p>Had not seen Mu Xi. In the impression of Tang Wulin, Mu Xi in Shrek Academy Outer Court, could not be admitted to Inner Court. She now over 20 years old, wanted to enter the Inner Court possibility to be getting more and more low. Only if she can become Two Word Battle Armor Master before 30 years old.</p>

<p>Regarding Mu Xi, Tang Wulin discovered that own fully did not understand unexpectedly, does not know Senior Sister present cultivation completely has been any degree for and other aspects. In heart an apology.</p>

<p>„You also know that has my this Senior Sister?” Saying that Mu Xi both hands fork waist, lets somebody cool off or calm down.</p>

<p>Four years have not seen Mu Xi fully, past she is a big beautiful woman, this year Mu Xi 22 years old nearly 23 years old, is a girl happiest time. Her stature grown unusual is perfect, passing through the gate, the Shrek Seven Monsters male noticed that she could not bear good the eye salute.</p>

<p>flaming-red long skirt, big wave long hair, beautiful strength, beautiful blazing. Like her character.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „Sorry, Senior Sister I made a mistake.”</p>

<p>Sees Tang Wulin suddenly, in the Mu Xi heart complex mood are almost come up on to rush instantaneously, she good to throw, maliciously cursed angrily this fellow. More than three years of disappears without a word, after coming back, in Inner Court, she cannot enter Inner Court, cannot see him. Sees only his one time, is on Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting.</p>

<p>But, she cannot attend that congress on the level of the lake, can only in the shore, look that he makes love to Gu Yue, looks they are good to gather in the blessing that to leave because of Hundred Year. At that moment, the mood in Mu Xi heart is extremely complex.</p>

<p>Time saw from initially first disdaining, to afterward approval, arrived at gradual looking up to again, this in own front fellow, became the person of same age genuine outstanding person with short ten years of time, even was in Shrek Academy the dazzling star. But, between he and her the distance also seems becoming more and more.</p>

<p>Some aspects, the idea of Mu Xi is the same with Wu Siduo, they are willing to pursue perfectly, had well, is not willing to look at other again.</p>

<p>By the Mu Xi appearance, is the pursuer are naturally innumerable in Shrek Academy, even there is Inner Court disciple in pursuing her, but she actually does not look encouragingly, because has had that together the form in her heart.</p>

<p>She has pursued him on forging, has cherished a hope. But, she actually discovered that own and he more has walked is farther.</p>

<p>Mu Xi is not the girl who can only have a dream, when she saw that Tang Wulin after on Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting has chosen others, she in the heart told own, this man eventually is own not any relations, when she has put down gradually, that fellow actually on such appear(ance) in front of own.</p>

<p>An apology, admits mistakes, is makes Mu Xi a lot of grievance somewhat unable to vent unexpectedly unexpectedly.</p>

<p>„cough cough!” Mu Chen coughs, melted the awkward atmosphere slightly. As Father, can he unable to see the idea in daughter heart?</p>

<p>But this time Tang Wulin, has been similar to True Dragon peeps roams through to nine days generally, sentimental matter is not the manpower can about. Only can say that is predestined friends unqualified.</p>

<p>Mu Chen had selected Mu Xi in secret, her character was too strong, but Tang Wulin is not that type is willing by the Control person. They try to outdo others, two people of trying to outdo others in the same place, could become the friends, but was too difficult becomes the companion.</p>

<p>„Wulin makes me examine his forging cultivate level. Happen to you came back, has a look together.” Mu Chen arrives at side the daughter, has patted her shoulder.</p>

<p>The complex mood in Mu Xi eye restrains gradually, after all, she is the 23-year-old girl, regardless of character is how stubborn, is working as these many people, is in front of Father, she also has to restrain the own mood.</p>

<p>„Good.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is sweated by forehead that a little Mu Xi that somewhat blazing vision looks, formerly exhausted feeling in instantaneously was burnt does not have.</p>

<p>Mu Chen said: „Goes to Forging Room!”</p>

<p>The people arrived at Forging Room with Mu Chen, in his own personal Forging Room has almost on now Douluo Continent all type rare metal(s).</p>

<p>Mu Chen to Tang Wulin compared with the hand signal, after Tang Wulin slightly makes the ponder, as before moved toward he most familiar that type.</p>

<p>Heavy Silver of standard size took by him. Then has placed on the forging stage.</p>

<p>The Mu Xi eyebrow has selected selecting, [say / way] that somewhat satirized: „Is only Heavy Silver?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin smiles, „I most am familiar with this.”</p>

<p>Yes, his most familiar Heavy Silver, not only rare metal(s) that because earliest has to do is it, is because he too understood it.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin forging hammer throughout is Heavy Silver Hammer, but each time he when forging has broken through, choice is Heavy Silver. Has him to the Heavy Silver most familiar reason, his reposing at heart. The breakthrough is Heavy Silver brings each time, will let the feeling of his subconscious, Heavy Silver takes to his help to be biggest, most has the good luck.</p>

<p>Therefore, he has chosen Heavy Silver once again.</p>

<p>Mu Xi has not said anything again, but careful looks. These years she continuously very diligently, if no Tang Wulin, she absolutely is the talent that the Blacksmith Association non- world leaves.</p>

<p>Was 23-year-old she, can definitely inherit own legacy by the Mu Chen acknowledgment. 6th Rank! Present Mu Xi is also 6th Rank Blacksmith. Although she entered 6th Rank compared with Tang Wulin late, but also not late were too many. If there is not placed on more energy forging, she is also insufficient a point to enter the Inner Court opportunity not to have.</p>

<p>But the promotion of forging also has very great benefit for her, she has prepared own all manufacture Two Word Battle Armor metal(s), Spirit Refinement metal(s)! Moreover is Spirit Refinement alloy.</p>

<p>Is prepares to be well-prepared, must become Two Word Battle Armor Master before 30 years old, becomes in Shrek Academy Inner Court.</p>

<p>Cultivation of Mu Xi to also break through Five Rings, was Soul King stage. Various aspects, she is that outstanding.</p>

<p>Her effort to the own pays is very confident, therefore she wants to have a look, own trained hard was so long, separated for four years with him, actually own to overtake him in the forging aspect.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin puts in Heavy Silver the forging stage the calcine, simultaneously took out own that pair of Spirit Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer, on the face the look sank to congeal, eyes closed, calmness silently.</p>

<p>Looks at his earnest appearance, Mu Xi, although in the heart has felt suffocated, but actually also has to acknowledge that Tang Wulin truly is she biggest the competitor in the forging world, even is the goal of chase.</p>

<p>He became 6th Rank Blacksmith has over four years, but can also maintain in forging so calm calm. He is only 19 years old, mentality has planting to make her see own Father stably in the feeling of forging time.</p>

<p>Immovable as a Mountain! Palatially like mountain!</p>

<p>Mu Chen also looks in side that other Shrek Seven Monsters six people stand in slightly far point place, in order to avoid affects Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin forging hammer places on the forging stage, both hands hang by the body, the slender arm, the slender ten fingers, give people all a strange feeling. Is full of the sense of reality, is flooding one makings beyond description.</p>

<p>This moment he, on aura as if turned into this Forging Room part, but is not Humanity.</p>

<p>Heavy Silver forging time was too easy to judge, suddenly, Tang Wulin patted the button, was raised by calcine red Heavy Silver.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was almost under flickers opens eyes, both hands has simultaneously gripped own that pair of forging hammer. Then a pair of forging hammer also finds out.</p>

<p>Yes, is finds out, but is not wields to pound to fall.</p>

<p>Mu Xi surprised seeing, Tang Wulin stretched out straight in front of oneself above a pair of forging hammer that Heavy Silver, then started striking.</p>

<p>He has not brandished forging hammer All-Out to pound to fall like normal forging, but is dual hammers float above Heavy Silver, but is relying on the movement of wrist, Control a pair of forging hammer unceasing rap gently above that Heavy Silver.</p>

<p>This forging way (of life) Mu Xi or first time see, even if own that 8th Rank Saint Craftsman Father cannot like this forging!</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin actually such does. His a pair of forging hammer dexterous and stable is rapping gently. But like this raps, can forging succeed?</p>

<p>This thought just reappeared in the Mu Xi mind, next quarter, her pupil light on freeze.</p>

<p>Because of her clear seeing, that Heavy Silver in Tang Wulin this seems under the dexterous incomparable rap, the volume swiftly reduces. What stranger is, it becomes more and more bright. Indistinct, Mu Xi even saw that on this Heavy Silver has some close and orderly trace appear(ance).</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>Dexterous can the so rap actually refining?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin wrist vibration speed is quick, raps speed to bring one after another hits the Japanese banana crowded sound just like the rain. What is more unusual, that stormy knocking has the rhythm, seems like rapping percussion interesting to listen.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>