<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="888">#888: purple-haired female</h2>
<p>Gu Yue curious [say / way]: „Little Cui, do not fear that told us quickly, actually Soul Beast King was who!”</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird looks up to her, the eye of red winked winking, actually once more lowered the head, this time it was said that anything agree did not say.</p>

<p>In this time, Tang Wulin was only thinking suddenly an invisible pressure from transmits in all directions suddenly, his relied on the Spiritual Strength instantaneously oppressed contraction that Plant are expanding.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has a big shock at the same time, hurries to arrive at side Gu Yue, holds on her hand.</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird gained ground, in the eye is revealing the scared color. But Sky, actually gloomy.</p>

<p>The beautiful sunlight vanished without trace, what replaces it is piece of darkness, the huge pressure drops from the clouds, to human a panic beyond description. What is more fearful, Tang Wulin discovered with amazement, in the air, other attribute Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces and energy members rapidly are disappearing, even can describe with the escape, surplus, only then black Dark Element.</p>

<p>„Raising” low and deep howling fluctuation trim forest trembles.</p>

<p>„Who is, dares to slaughter Soul Beast. Is, dares to invade Star Dou.” sounds/voices reverberates in trim forest, even if Tang Wulin at this time All-Out and surroundings Plant communicate, Plant is actually in instinct reaction, as if all quiet.</p>

<p>The heart of Tang Wulin also sinks to the valley, so the terrifying pressure, except for can be equal to Humanity Titled Douluo Hundred-thousand Years above cultivates is Soul Beast, does not have other again. This future, simply is unthinkable, absolutely is he has seen in Soul Beast most formidable existence.</p>

<p>If can compare with it, perhaps only then initially went to Star Luo Empire to have the possibility in that only Super Rank big octopus that in sea bumps into.</p>

<p>Sky completely becomes jet black, has the purple light to flash faintly, surroundings rich Dark Element made in the air immediately as if appear(ance) the intermittent strange fluctuation, as if some innumerable sad and shrill pitiful yell sounds got up. Filled Life aura big forest, in an instant unexpectedly is similar to the ghost legendary creature.</p>

<p>surroundings all become incomparably silent, even if linked sound of the insect warbler calling not to have.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that own breathes difficulties, strength of Soul Power or the Qi and Blood, oppressed stagnation nearly.</p>

<p>Although he already knows that facing genuine Elite, own this cultivates for the basis is nothing, may face at this time, he actually as before fills unwillingly.</p>

<p>He does not fear death, but actually does not want dead, he also has too many matters to do, he also shoulders is rallying the heavy responsibility of Shrek Academy!</p>

<p>But, facing so the powerful enemy, he can also result in escapes the disaster? Perhaps is he can display Divine Dragon Transformation unable to achieve with Gu Yue once more.</p>

<p>Let alone, they just had displayed Divine Dragon Transformation, in short time should not be impossible to display once more.</p>

<p>Turns head to look to Gu Yue, Gu Yue as if is also some fears, hiding of pretty face pale white side Tang Wulin, tight is holding his arm.</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin heart one miserable, they did not strive for living finally really in the same year, similarly was actually buried in this Soul Beast forest?</p>

<p>No, not!</p>

<p>Even if exhausts own last drop of blood, must protect her to be complete.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin originally suppressed extremely fierce aura starts suddenly becomes powerful, the unyielding thought looked like lights his bloodline to be ordinary.</p>

<p>The bloodline fluctuation that nearly stagnates makes a fresh start to ascend, Soul Power also gives full play to the full of vitality. Gold misty halo, releases from his body surface.</p>

<p>„Before I die, does not make anybody injure you.” The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, the One Word Battle Armor turn over, the rapid coverage whole body, the right hand wipes on the forehead, Golden Dragon Spear falls into the palm. His own imposing manner, is promoting with bloodline eruption madness.</p>

<p>„Well!” sounds/voices of doubts transmits from distant place.</p>

<p>At this moment, Tang Wulin only thought that in front big forest, as if left passageway, this passageway is dark-purple, can only through this dark-purple ray of light, see clearly indistinctly.</p>

<p>The passageway end, the form goes out from darkness together slowly, her whole body is covering the purple-black scales, the figure is slim, the front is perfectly round, the thigh is straight, above the chest, reveals the shoulder snow white flesh and front profound gully. A purple-black long hair hangs loose after behind, calm automatic, naturally ripples from the body. tender face is quite beautiful, her eye is dark-purple, the lip is actually bright purple. Forehead place, jet black such as on scales of black ink, ripples overlapping purple halo, the nature is flowing from her top of the head.</p>

<p>Sees this appearance, Tang Wulin holds breath cold air. If before , he also thinks that this is Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast, then, he definitely has been able to affirm now, that own faces, should be cultivates to surpass Two Hundred-thousand Years, in the Soul Beast world genuine stands in summit existence, Ferocious Beast! One generation of Ferocious Beast.</p>

<p>When the Shrek Academy study, there is a knowledge about Ferocious Beast they to study many, at that time, Tang Wulin was also interested, therefore specially has also studied.</p>

<p>Soul Beast cultivate arrives at Hundred-thousand Years, basically is the limit. To continue to promote again, only then two methods, one type is repeat cultivation and become a human, remove beast frame, this can have Humanity comprehension and higher Wisdom, to that illusory God Rank sprint, once breaks the limit of this world, then, is dynasty Becomes a God.</p>

<p>Soul Beast is unable Becomes a God, this as if to be a rule, like that story that initially Gu Yue once told.</p>

<p>But most Soul Beast, will not choose this path, after all, formidable Humanity, life also more than 200 years, once breaks through the failure, is unable Becomes a God, to be then same as Humanity, Fallen in river of history.</p>

<p>Another road, must break through, the Hundred-thousand Years big bottleneck, regarding Soul Beast, is just like Heavenly Tribulation general existence, after Hundred-thousand Years, does not need Hundred Year, Heavenly Tribulation naturally to meet. Once is unable to break through, that relationship of form and spirit complete extermination.</p>

<p>These have enough self-confident Soul Beast to oneself, will choose this road to break through, after the breakthrough, may live again Hundred-thousand Years.</p>

<p>Once breaks through a bottleneck, then, the Soul Beast strength will break through, large scale advance, for Ferocious Beast!</p>

<p>If Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast is equal to Titled Douluo, then, Ferocious Beast quite therefore Super Rank Douluo. The cultivate age limit is higher, breaks through bottleneck number of times many Ferocious Beast, the strength is also terrifying.</p>

<p>In legend, even also has to cultivate to surpass Million Years Ferocious Beast. Breaks through ten bottlenecks, that is what kind existence!</p>

<p>But also has Ferocious Beast, in does not choose in the repeat cultivation and become a human situation, can change into human form.</p>

<p>At present this, the whole body is sending out the ominous prestige illustrious, without a doubt is Soul Beast, but she can transform human form, moreover seems so perfect, naturally without a doubt, is Ferocious Beast, perhaps cultivates to at least have Two Hundred-thousand Years Ferocious Beast. Is equal to Humanity Super Rank Douluo existence.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin puts on his One Word Battle Armor, is equal to Seven Rings Soul Beast, does not have Martial Soul avatar Seven Rings Soul Saint. His talent different reported again, impossible and front such existence contends. Although he feels that at present this, should be Dragon-Type Soul Beast.</p>

<p>The female more walked is nearer, in eyes, the purple light just likes substantive flows to the both sides, the distance is nearer, she takes to the Tang Wulin pressure to be also bigger. Tang Wulin golden-colored light fog releases are more.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin own is also very clear, the close limit of this degree of pressure, own withstood. Is own that unyielding willpower supports his bloodline to erupt formidable aura unceasingly, this can not be crushed by the opposite party.</p>

<p>„Small Humanity, dares my Star Dou Forest to slaughter Soul Beast unexpectedly. You are really the big courage.” That purple-haired female was saying at the same time, in about 50 meters place stopped the footsteps from Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Today Tang Sect small companion tells me, our own shop Dazzling Era Tang Sect is taught Zhangwang Teacher(s) design by the Nankai University fine arts department Golden Dragon King scales and Silver Dragon King scales pendant, sales volume of good several days in entire Taobao Star Shop to have placed first continuously. Thank everybody's support. The interested book friend can have a look. I have established the prosperous Tang brand with Zhangwang Teacher(s), is hopes that can create some high-quality the peripheral products to come out. Have a look some interests to our shops.</p>

  </body>
</html>