<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="793">#793: Fights vigorously Evil Soul Master</h2>
<p>These seven people attack from four surroundings, Xie Xie is the busy delight. A person branches out three to do several things at the same time, is equal to fighting from four directions. In all people, is the pressure that he bears is instead biggest.</p>

<p>At this time can see that Xie Xie cultivate was usually assiduous. Four forms face the different enemies separately, is carrying on the different fights, he can unexpectedly Control also good.</p>

<p>Although deals to be strenuous, but also has Xu Xiaoyan Control luckily.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan has not displayed own strongest Control Soul Skill eagerly, but whenever Xie Xie deals with difficulties time, Star Wheel Ice Chain can always help Xie Xie solve many problems.</p>

<p>„Bang!” On the Yuan En Yehui right hand hammer pulls up, parry the Skeleton Evil Soul Master broadsword, the left hand hammer has swept away, directly soars the opposite party chest place bombardment in the past.</p>

<p>That Skeleton Evil Soul Master lowers roars, in the eye socket as if Gains Spirit soul flame is beating. The body squats to below, drives the great blade to keep off by the body before the body.</p>

<p>Also is a dull thumping sound, Skeleton Evil Soul Master and Yuan En Yehui simultaneously retreat one step, the strength aspect, they unexpectedly have the feeling of rival in chess.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan slightly gets the advantage, although her Star Divine Sword is very difficult to break through giant wolf Evil Soul Master defense, but, her Star Divine Sword not only has sword qi also to have sword intent. That sharp sword intent is oppressing that giant wolf Evil Soul Master throughout, after discovering the opposite party eats the heart to be able the amplification own, Ye Xinglan is relying on own assault, has not made that giant wolf Evil Soul Master eat to have been to a heart again.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu here situation is in evenly matched. That horseman under the warhorse with the aid of cross, darkness energy is thick, but has happen to met mutual restraint Holy Angel Martial Soul. darkness and light two clearly opposite energy assault, in airborne erupt piece by piece terrifying energy storm mutually unceasingly.</p>

<p>But the present is in the evening, is obviously disadvantageous regarding a Sacred energy side.</p>

<p>darkness horseman has a feeling of troops body, that nightmare warhorse, completely is back and forth interlinked with his regard, in his hand the heavy sword cuts, dazzling black flame can definitely burst out instantaneously, erupts the formidable energy fluctuation, black flame and horseman heavy sword dissolves as one, cuts to fall again outrageously.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu back pair of wings opens, whole body white Battle Armor takes possession, the light of body falls unceasingly, is coordinating Trial of Light, initiates assault time and time again. But a that darkness horseman attack and defense body, a troops body, steadily like mountain. time no one how anyone. But from the Soul Power vigorous degree, obviously is darkness horseman wants on high to plan.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi on the other hand is in the people idlest one, this time he, the body has also covered Battle Armor. His Battle Armor is white, but is different from Le Zhengyu white. Without Sacred aura, but seems actually very weighty, he is tall, after putting on Battle Armor, could not see obese, instead had a majestic feeling.</p>

<p>He stands side Xu Xiaoyan, looks like the Xu Xiaoyan faithful protector.</p>

<p>Both sides entered have entangled to fight the condition, but black-clothed person of distant place started to continue in the compartment to slaughter.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin and match dogfight, while is paying attention to audience Transformation. He looked at several, kept abreast of the distant place companion situation.</p>

<p>Cannot delay, delays again, on entire Soul Guidance Train several hundred Life completely will kill in the Evil Soul Master hand.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin face upwards to cry loud and long suddenly, „All-Out act !”</p>

<p>With this drinks greatly at the same time, his Battle Armor golden light (Jin Guang) puts greatly, the imposing manner of Tang Wulin whole person had Transformation instantaneously. His both feet falls to the ground, the whole person is common just like the palatial mountain.</p>

<p>In his torso part, brown-yellow ray of light bursts out. This ray of light outward release at the same time, that is maintaining has been telling to start attack Seven Rings Soul Saint Evil Soul Master to him to feel suddenly the body sinks, fell on the ground directly. But his pair of Sharp Claws grasps once more, when Tang Wulin front, actually felt terrifying instead shakes the strength to erupt, unexpectedly his hand claw of fluctuation raises directly backward.</p>

<p>This is...</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin right foot stamps, Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth!</p>

<p>Eight golden-colored little dragon(s) drill suddenly, the formidable impact just will be pulled to meet ground the whole body paralysis of Seven Rings Soul Saint Evil Soul Master fluctuation.</p>

<p>He also heard Tang Wulin that to drink greatly, in addition at this time sudden Transformation, his without hesitation once more stimulated own fifth Soul Skill, at the same time, Seventh Soul Ring also has shone.</p>

<p>In this flash, Tang Wulin knows finally this Evil Soul Master Martial Soul was anything.</p>

<p>A whole body is covering armor piece huge bat appear(ance) in front of Tang Wulin, Bloodsucking Bat! Is this Evil Soul Master Martial Soul, no wonder his speed such rapidness, can blood of Control human body. Originally his Martial Soul is related with blood.</p>

<p>However, even if has released seventh Soul Skill Bloodsucking Bat avatar, the huge suction that in the ground transmits enables it in first time to work loose.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin attack has actually launched. The Bloodsucking Bat whole body of Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth fluctuation is lacking in vigilance, but relies on the Martial Soul avatar formidable defense strength, he was only sluggish the moment must struggle is running out outward.</p>

<p>The brown-yellow ring of light suction that but, the Tang Wulin body releases was really too strong, his speed was limited in the certain extent.</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin hand Golden Dragon Spear treats as whip to use, to drop from the clouds directly, pounds to fall downward. Meanwhile, in his mouth exudes one to roar, Golden Dragon Roars!</p>

<p>In eyes the purple electro-optic shoots, Purple Demon Eyes.</p>

<p>In an instant, Tang Wulin has all released Control kind of Soul Skill that own all can use.</p>

<p>Bloodsucking Bat does not have the means that can only make own change into one group of mist instantaneously, uses is separated from battlefield way (of life) that he has most excelled, wants to escape.</p>

<p>But spiritual frightening of Purple Demon Eyes makes his movement be half beat behind, is these half racket, has decided fight outcome.</p>

<p>golden figure together suddenly is quietly leaps since ground, Bind on him. Entrains his downward. Meanwhile, in he did not have to change into the instance before mist completely, Golden Dragon Spear pulls out finally strikes above his body.</p>

<p>Seven Rings Evil Soul Master called out pitifully, his Two Word Battle Armor exuded a series of to shatter sounds, stiffly was struck by pulling out in the ground.</p>

<p>The right foot of Tang Wulin lifts, but his body actually suddenly skyrockets, rises into airborne. Substituted for him formerly the position, changed into an incomparably huge body. second Soul Spirit, Tyrannosaurus!</p>

<p>Tyrannosaurus giant right foot without hesitation steps on outrageously falls, stepping on maliciously on that Seven Rings Soul Saint.</p>

<p>Must know that the Tyrannosaurus height has 60 meters, his body weight, even if a Tang Wulin 100,000 jin (0.5 kg) strength is impossible to shake.</p>

<p>Above most terrifying slaughtering as the earth, the might of Tyrannosaurus this foot, made the earth shiver directly, the distant place fell in ground Soul Guidance Train by fluctuation about rocked.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin right hand toward compartment direction one finger, „golden speech (Jin Yu), goes!”</p>

<p>Formerly Bind changed into Evil Soul Master golden speech (Jin Yu) benefits the arrow together, black-clothed person overran toward these Three Rings cultivated.</p>

<p>Faint trace mist disperses to surroundings from the Tyrannosaurus under foot, is rapid toward the distant place escapes.</p>

<p>The nostril of Tyrannosaurus spouts steam, he has opened the mouth suddenly, scarlet-red flame has sprayed from his mouth.</p>

<p>Bloodsucking Bat Evil Soul Master this incarnation mist Soul Skill, what most is good at dodging is physical attack, but in the fog condition, the energy attack function will actually double in his effect.</p>

<p>In the pitiful yell sound, he had been spurted by that terrifying flame directly.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, flies to project innumerable small bat from that mist, toward flies in all directions. The Evil Soul Master maintaining life method emerges one after another incessantly.</p>

<p>------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>