<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="825">#825: Absorbs Ruin aura</h2>
<p>Looks at his appearance, in the Tang Wulin heart has ignited a hope, „older generation(s), you help me, please help us. This way, I could not bear.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil sighed, „sorry, I did not have the means. Nightmare Old Devil was too formidable, I am not his match. I can only while time that he rests, comes to see you quietly. What he makes you make, are you so painful?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurried to say the experience of own simply, after listening to his narration, the Disillusioned Old Devil forced smile said: „He has really given you one not task that is possible to complete. Let alone you were only One Word Battle Armor Master, even if you were Three Word Battle Armor Master, wanted such to break through this sea area is also impossible. In this sea area, but there is Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast existence!”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin delay said: „What to do should I?”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil said: „Nightmare this fellow never anything patience, moreover his is not very calm, drags again. Your friends were dangerous. I do not have the means to help you rescue them, but I currently have means that can make you break through this sea area.......”</p>

<p>„Any means that asking you to teach me.” Tang Wulin looked like held straw to grasp, hurried to ask.</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil sighed, said: „This means are very dangerous, will be big to your body load. Do you want to study really? It is not good, will make you have the danger of being frightened out of one's wits!”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, „I can look, Nightmare Old Devil wants to suffer us, had not planned that makes us leave here. Is dies in any case, at least I want to spell, I cannot look helplessly my companion were suffered by him. Asked you to teach me.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil nodded, „that good. Looked that your this child and I am predestined friends, I show a bright way to you. You saw Devil Island central that Ruin Fragment(s). In that Ruin Fragment(s), is having extremely terrifying the strength of Ruin. But what unusual artificial brick is, when its crash world, but also follows with Ruin completely opposite Life energy. Therefore can suppress this Ruin Fragment(s) strength to be insufficient outward diffusion many of too.”</p>

<p>„Because of these Ruin Fragment(s), was having this piece of archipelago. But surroundings Sea Soul Beast, in fact is attracted by Life energy that Ruin Fragment(s) associated comes. Simply speaking, these Sea Soul Beast like that rich Life energy extremely, you can also be able to feel this Life strength the advantage. But similarly, their very frightened that Ruin energy to own corrosion. Therefore, wants safely broke through this sea area, only then means that that is, let on you in the contamination Ruin Fragment(s) aura. After feeling that Ruin aura, Sea Soul Beast will naturally hide you by far. But by your body ability, wanting tour over 30 kilometers of course not to have the issue.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„But, how can I be able to infect Ruin Fragment(s) energy?” A Xie Xie face hopes for looks at front Disillusioned Old Devil.</p>

<p>The Disillusioned Old Devil forced smile said: „That will be painful, and is dangerous. If your willpower is not very firm, Ruin aura can Devour your Soul, then Devour your body. You believe that your spiritual is firm enough?”</p>

<p>Xie Xie [say / way] without hesitation: „I can, I be able. For Yuan En, for everybody, my anything. Asked you, older generation(s) taught me.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil sighed, „that good. You must be mentally prepared. That process will be painful.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>Yes, is painful. When Tang Wulin approaches Ruin Fragment(s) slowly, but approaches to its kilometer range in time, he feels that pain that Disillusioned Old Devil said.</p>

<p>In his hand is grasping together purple crystal, in crystal is sending out strange energy fluctuations, can attenuate reluctantly or filters some Ruin energy terrifying aura.</p>

<p>May so, these Ruin energy after the filtration becomes more exquisite wells up to his body.</p>

<p>That painful feeling is not the dependence endures patiently to withstand, looks like the body is ripped fragment(s), then combines. Unceasing is duplicating the process of this Ruin and fusion. Suppose, when own saw the when body of own was decomposed, what feeling that can be!</p>

<p>All sensations are that clear, the feeling deep brand mark that even each cell to shatter reorganizes continually again in his Soul deep place, this suffering cannot describe in the spoken language. Even if by the firmness of Tang Wulin willpower, will send out pitiful yells unceasingly.</p>

<p>In process that whenever his body to shatter reorganizes gradually again, the body will contaminate vague purple-black. Tang Wulin knows that should be Ruin aura that Disillusioned Old Devil said.</p>

<p>Cavern.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil curls the lip, „you suffer them more ruthless than me obviously, actually also works as the good person. Really is not a good thing.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil hey said with a smile: „This is I and your difference. You were doomed only to make devil(s), perhaps, I can also make Saint.”</p>

<p>„farting and farting! You are Saint of nonsense. If they know that you give their Disillusioned Crystal to enhance their body and spiritual sensitivity, can count with ten times of feeling own painful existence, will also be grateful you?”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil principle of course [say / way]: „My this is good for them. Only the such keen sensation to own body Transformation, where can a clearer limit, if the pain is not very intense, is rashly thorough, what to do couldn't the body withstand collapsed directly? I am the big good man.”</p>

<p>„Nonsense and nonsense. You are want to visit them to withstand many suffering that's all. Should one month almost suffice Ruin aura, lets your such lane, not sufficing of three months of impossible absorb.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil, „you are also not look with great interest!”</p>

<p>Really effective!</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin steps into that jet black such as Sea of Ruin of black ink once more, immediately feels Transformation on own body, own energy was markedly reduced by Devour speed. Moreover makes him have to plant and feeling of surroundings Sea of Ruin fusion. As if the own body is part.</p>

<p>of course, this is only very short feeling, energy in within the body is passing as before still, but does not have originally that intense that's all.</p>

<p>Left Sea of Ruin once more, enters fully that is in Sea Soul Beast sea. The feeling is also same. Tang Wulin discovered that some quite small and weak Sea Soul Beast has not dared to approach him again, only then above Thousand Years cultivates for Sea Soul Beast will also initiate attack to him.</p>

<p>Because formerly when Sea of Ruin saved Soul Power obviously, he naturally can also insist for a long time. This time, he swims one kilometer unable to insist.</p>

<p>Relies on Nightmare Crystal to return, as before is intense weak. But at least he had found the opportunity. Found can in the sea middle reaches a farther opportunity.</p>

<p>Although he how , regardless of being not willing to return to nearby Ruin Fragment(s) again, but, he actually has to go back.</p>

<p>Can swim this piece of sea, means that in the future he has the possibility is bringing companion genuine leaves this just like the Nightmare general place. To save companion, first wants own to become formidable.</p>

<p>Under such mood, Tang Wulin took Disillusioned Crystal to arrive around Ruin Fragment(s) once again. One and one step, careful approaches to Ruin Fragment(s). Again is feeling the feeling of body to shatter and reorganization.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King bloodline is fluctuating in this process fiercely, Tang Wulin felt that Qi and Blood turns wells up, not many Transformation. In his purple-black, actually follows times to approach to Ruin Fragment(s), but becomes is getting more and more rich.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>--------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket, recommended the ticket, today eve of the Lunar New Year, if I have not remembered incorrectly. Um, blessed everybody Happy New Year, wishes coming true.</p>

  </body>
</html>