<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="790">#790: It is not the accident</h2>
<p>At this time demonstrated the function of Assault System Battle Soul Master. Selects point starlight to burst out from Ye Xinglan, dazzling sword light suddenly to launch, instantaneous Body and Sword Unity, her hand draws Xu Lizhi together, the automobile body transverse shift is tumbling, but she actually slightly float in compartment palatial motionless. Is revolving the compartment is cut directly by sword light that on her bursts out, bringing Xu Lizhi to jump.</p>

<p>Other people also similarly made reaction, Le Zhengyu back pair of wings have launched, that the body while was flinging horizontally, the a pair of wing has protected oneself. Meanwhile, Sacred Light bursts out, changes into light to cover him covers.</p>

<p>Another side, the Yuan En Yehui body inflates suddenly, the both arms open, separately hugs into the own bosom to change into the huge body of Great Titan Ape to roll up Xie Xie and Xu Xiaoyan, protects inside two by oneself. Is relying on the body formidable defense strength in the compartment, although collides, but cuts the compartment to speak with Ye Xinglan, was the instantaneous ball flew.</p>

<p>Most miserable Tang Wulin actually, because he in the deep sleep, that absolutely is a protection does not have. Even if the vibration under automobile body first cannot make him wake. The automobile body flings horizontally, the body of Tang Wulin was flung to fly directly, numerous pounding one side of compartment.</p>

<p>Until at this moment, him has opened the eye. Happen to saw that companion flung to fly from compartment.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin body not by Control is rolling in the compartment, his some sleepy eyes dim finding out both hands, grasped rapidly on the wall of compartment.</p>

<p>golden-colored scales along with it reappearing, Tang Wulin shook the head, diligently lets the own sober several points, then a both hands point, ripping open compartment stiffly, body, although was flung, but to outside, was instead more relaxed.</p>

<p>The body was flung to fly in airborne, he can see clearly the present aspect.</p>

<p>Entire Soul Guidance Train has been derailed, was flung to fly directly in airborne, compartment from the sky breaks a successively, scatters in all directions to flutter about. What is more fearful, many people were flung from the crack.</p>

<p>These average people are not Soul Master, does not have Tang Wulin their adapting ability, those were flung to fly, in the event of the collision is almost instantaneous blood light Beng Xian, pitiful.</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin heart speechless, why? Why is this? Why own sits Soul Guidance High-speed Train each time time, will encounter this grade of rarely seen situation. In the Federation history all Soul Guidance Train have an accident is related with own! own simply is Soul Guidance Train bearer of bad luck, moreover this broom (bad luck) was also too fierce a point.</p>

<p>The body rolls up in airborne, the instance before landing, the Tang Wulin whole body catches up, a fist bombardment in ground, with the aid of formidable instead shakes the strength to melt strength that own had been flung to fly, a tumbling, falls on the ground.</p>

<p>Did not stop by defense strength of course of his body in has been injured in just process, but a person was awakened from the deep sleep, always not good feeling.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin does not dare to neglect at this time, his first time is seeking for the companion trail.</p>

<p>Luckily, everybody is quite striking, particularly Ye Xinglan point point starlight. Tang Wulin hurries to run to the companion direction. He must confirm the first companion security is good.</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters of course will not have matter, Tang Wulin is last gathers.</p>

<p>Seven people look at each other in blank diamay, finally vision all centralized on Tang Wulin, reveals to perform in the look that does not call the turn.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has coughed, „quickly saves others.”</p>

<p>„First waits.” Ye Xinglan sinking sound said suddenly that „this is not normal. The Soul Guidance Train security is extremely high, how to go off track suddenly? Can create artificially?”</p>

<p>At this time, entire Soul Guidance Train has all been separated from the track, was flung to fly wilderness in all directions, 16 compartments succeeded in giving up 78, time, various pitiful yell sounds continuously.</p>

<p>Soul Guidance Train can accommodate over 500 people, the so significant accident, the casualty figure must have.</p>

<p>Listened to the Ye Xinglan words, Tang Wulin is also vigilant that sinking sound track: „Everybody receives Martial Soul first.”</p>

<p>He had had faced the experience of Evil Soul Master, but that experience was unhappy. This time is derailed , if not accident, but thinks that then, not only definitely went off track is so simple.</p>

<p>In this time, they were noticing that distant place ray of light shine quietly, that ray of light and not strong are fierce, seems purple.</p>

<p>Xie Xie said in a low voice: „I had a look in the past. You hide.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he swings body in a flash, the body rapidly becomes illusory, looked like integrates in the air, vanished without the trace.</p>

<p>Agility System Battle Soul Master, must hide own to be responsible for investigating at this time.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has given a hand signal, people speedily found the bunker in surroundings, camouflages the body of own.</p>

<p>The life-saving is necessary, but if there is an enemy, then, must solve the enemy more important first.</p>

<p>Was less than one minute, Xie Xie came back, „was artificial. Some people are slaughtering the wounded. They have 50-60 people, is taking Soul Guide Ray Gun, sees the human to kill. Boss, what to do?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „What strength can see clearly is?”</p>

<p>Xie Xie said: „What can affirm is Soul Master, but specific cultivates for is unable to see clearly, only uses the Soul Guide Ray Gun words, they have not released Martial Soul. But from speed, is not weak.”</p>

<p>„Walks! On us.” The unnecessary words, can't this situation, facing these terrifying members, how sit by and do nothing?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin flushed fast, other people follow behind. His left and right separately are Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui, behind with Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi, Le Zhengyu and Xie Xie in behind.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi muttered talked over several soul incantations, Steamed Stuffed Bun came out to give companion by his fast manufacture.</p>

<p>The agile little dragon(s) package, can make everybody's speed quicker. When Bloodthirsty Bean Paste Bun as the preparation, erupts uses.</p>

<p>Quick, Tang Wulin saw the enemy in Xie Xie mouth. These people all is a black clothed, in the curtain of night just like the spirit, purple rays projects from Soul Guide Ray Gun in their hand, falls into the compartment.</p>

<p>black-clothed person is bringing helmet, helmet covered the face.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin they clash, immediately some people have discovered them. From near three and five black-clothed person turn against one's associates immediately, launched Soul Guidance rays to them.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin one step steps forward, Golden Scales takes possession. Meanwhile, Blue Silver Emperor suddenly to launch, take shape barrier before the body.</p>

<p>Soul Guidance rays falls on Blue Silver Emperor can only bring piece by piece halo. A Tang Wulin tip of the toe place, the human is similar to artillery shell generally suddenly to launch.</p>

<p>People also in airborne, his both hands void have grasped. Two huge suctions erupt from his both hands, is ordinary, two black-clothed person that just like two vortex pulls falls to fly in his direction.</p>

<p>Both hands Golden Dragon Claw finds out, simultaneously grasps to them.</p>

<p>That two black-clothed person reaction are quick, immediately releases own Martial Soul, one is three yellow Soul Ring, another is one white two yellow. Unexpectedly is Soul Elder.</p>

<p>Left Soul Master is Beast Martial Soul, the body suddenly becomes the strong several points, in the top of the head also grows two buffalo and cow horns, with the aid of the Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Claw suction, lowers the head, has hit toward Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Moreover that black-clothed person Martial Soul is a handle broadsword, the abandonment hand in without hesitation Ray Gun, brandishes the broadsword to divide to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Puff!” Left hand Golden Dragon Claw flies a Cattle-Type Martial Soul Soul Master palm of the hand racket, terrifying strength made the body of that black-clothed person in airborne disintegrate directly.</p>

<p>Right hand Golden Dragon Claw holds broadsword that looks like, broadsword instantaneous to shatter, Martial Soul and Soul Master mind is connected, that Soul Master is stuffy immediately snort. Tang Wulin right hand Golden Dragon Claw grip turned into a fist, shelled directly on his chest.</p>

<p>The dorsal instantaneous bulge, the human is similar to artillery shell departs, similarly from the sky blows out one group of blood fog.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin most hates is these cruel terrifying members, starts not to be forgiving. After solves them like lightning, he overran toward distant place population many black-clothed person immediately.</p>

<p>By him, Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan also launched attack, in the Ye Xinglan hand Star Divine Sword outlined [say / way] sword thread(s), selected point Star Grain(s), in she held on the Divine sword to burst out, where these were about Soul Elder cultivated for black-clothed person can block her attack, did not have the Tang Wulin that violence, but was almost one sword one.</p>

<p>What Yuan En Yehui releases is Fallen Angel changes the body, transforms from Great Titan Ape as Fallen Angel that to favor in darkness battles, Satanic Demon Sword cuts purple glow, similarly has solved the own enemy rapidly.</p>

<p>The following four people absolutely do not have the act opportunity, Tang Wulin, Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui three people of speed were too quick. Puts in an appearance, five and six black-clothed person completely perished.</p>

<p>----------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. Today three. Thank everybody's support!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>