<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="844">#844: In the heart has the love</h2>
<p>[Say / Way] that Tang Wulin is confused: „My anything has not done! I am only meditation, I do not know what's the matter.” He truly does not know that what's the matter, these that even if the sensation arrived at a moment ago, he does not plan to say.</p>

<p>„Said the process.” Disillusioned Old Devil said.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin corners of the mouth place reappears to sneer, „you let go by me and my companion, I considered that told you.”</p>

<p>Numerous position Old Devil have all gawked, the obese old man gets angry: „Brat, you are muddled. Knows that respects the elder!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin he he smiles, „respects the elder? If I have not guessed that wrong, you should be Lazy Old Devil.”</p>

<p>Such remarks, numerous position Old Devil are one startled, looks that the Tang Wulin look also had some Transformation.</p>

<p>Lazy Old Devil inconceivable [say / way]: „How do you know?”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin show face smiles, „guesses that now looks like, what I guess is right!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Receives these many days gradually influencing, how can not select to progress? Let me help your analysis one. Since I passed through front suffering, particularly after suffering of *@ Old Devil, should be passed the quite difficult time. Before you had said to me, initially, you were also Shrek Seven Monsters, regarding this point, I entirely does not believe that but at least the digit, I was note, Seven Monsters, of course was seven people. Five people turned into Old Devil, that another two do not have possibly is the exceptions.”</p>

<p>Looks steadily at that obese old man, Tang Wulin is continue say: „Suffers our is five Old Devil, but you are sixth appear(ance), without doubt, you are also Old Devil, you also agree did not say the own title are anything, my of course will suspect. But flawlessness that your stories spoke, according to my judgment, the entire story should real, you truly in Test we , were training us. Afterward several months, has verified my guess, you started to teach that my knowledge, I have truly learned many good things. However, throughout has not actually relaxed in my heart vigilantly.”</p>

<p>„Front five Old Devil are filling wicked interest Test we, sixth will Old Devil let off us? But even if before my meditation I have not been able to determine all these, after all, that several months of time, you were good to me too, I disappeared to your hostility basically. Until just, after me opened eyes, those who saw was seven people, seven Old Devil, without a doubt, my guess was then correct, you truly were seven people. Such being the case, then, before this Lazy Old Devil you, all that makes have another explanation.”</p>

<p>„That is, you are lulling me. Teaches my knowledge real, story that you told also real, the only issue was your status. You are Lazy Old Devil, all that you made before to let me relax vigilantly, until finally, me has completed study, moreover exhausted of long time, when vigilant relaxes completely, I will naturally put down all vigilance. Then you give me are the most comfortable living conditions, best food, waits for companion this reason. But this all, must guide me to get down all lazily. Perhaps, you must have a look, whether I in this case can also maintain Crystallized Body, whether can also insist cultivate. I said right? Lazy Old Devil older generation(s).”</p>

<p>Is listening to Tang Wulin a series of analysis, numerous position Old Devil complexion somewhat is strange, of course, Lazy Old Devil complexion is actually ugliest.</p>

<p>„Is impossible. At that time I distinct felt your spiritual relaxed thoroughly, the whole person is also so. After one year of suffering and study , the strong person did not have the means at that time maintained calm.” Lazy Old Devil breathless saying.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, „you said right, I truly completely relaxed at that time. Because does not relax, I fear on spiritual also to unable to withstand. However, I did not worry that own thorough relaxation even lazily will get down. Because, in my heart, has had the same thing to affect me, making me not dare to idle.”</p>

<p>Lazy Old Devil stares, „what is?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks to *@ Old Devil, „*@ older generation(s) should know that in my heart has the love! For my Lover, I must become formidable, must protect her ability. Therefore, I can rest, but rests for well cultivate. Therefore, I started meditation. Now looks like, my guess * does not leave ten. Since many thanks older generation(s) recently training. Does not know that finally this Old Devil older generation(s), actually does want how Test I?”</p>

<p>His vision falls on dead ahead has not seen Old Devil, on the face is having the light smile.</p>

<p>The old men have smiled, gently pats both hands of own to applaud for him, „is very good. Academy has not really elected the wrong person. The current situation makes the hero, will soon face the dangerous in Continent the time, our Shrek really left the Sir talent. I am very gratified. Old man greed(y). You can call me Greedy Old Devil.”</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil! Really is seven, seven Old Devil. Moreover with similar of Tang Wulin guess, these seven Old Devil many are related with seven Original Sins.</p>

<p>„What do you also need Test my?” Tang Wulin asked.</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil shows a faint smile, „has not needed. You passed. Good mentality and vigilance, intelligent brains. The following all did not have the significance to you. Your Devil Island taught to finish especially. Congratulates you, your result is among the best. At least is five Hundred Year comes, most outstanding.”</p>

<p>Before Tang Wulin has not gone to ask five Hundred Year, who is more outstanding than own this issue, his whole person also relaxed.</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil stern [say / way]: „But, before we need you to tell us, on you had what kind of Transformation, simultaneously will have inspired unexpectedly Life Tide and Ruin Tide. Just started is only Life Tide time we also surprised, but when Ruin Tide also appear(ance), was not surprised so is simple. This Transformation will possibly affect the Devil Islands complete islands. Therefore, we need to know the truth of matter.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin sighed, „was sorry older generation(s), because received you good ’ so ‚ training, let me the first point of society is, do not believe others easily. Therefore, I am unable to judge the outcome that you say now am the truth or the lie. Therefore, I cannot say.”</p>

<p>Greedy Old Devil speechless, audiences Old Devil is also same, they have to plant to lift the stone to pound own the feeling of foot.</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil said: „How do you want agree to tell us?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: That moment that „I and companion leave safely. Said honestly, until now, I do not know own in the reality in the dream. Because, the experience here has too meddlesomely is not real.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil has selected the eyebrow, „good, you can judge. Then, good, lets your dream, first wakes.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he waves to Tang Wulin. Immediately, a dizziness feeling along with it appear(ance). Tang Wulin only thought that surroundings scenery fast Transformation, the house vanished, the comfortable environment vanished. When the dizziness restores to come, he discovered that own is conscientious, the location place, initially just went to valley that place. But in not far away, he saw his companion.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan, Yuan En Yehui, Xu Lizhi, Le Zhengyu, Xu Xiaoyan and Xie Xie six people, unexpectedly in not far away, moreover in handling different matters, some of them able to move unhindered jump, some sit cross-legged to sit, on the face the expression varies with.</p>

<p>„Do they immerse in illusion?” Tang Wulin surprised asking.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil said: „real-like and false-like, what is real, what is imaginary?”</p>

  </body>
</html>