<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="886">#886: Daddy is quite cruel!</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin still remembers that it has a pair of just like the ruby gemstone general eye pupil. If it stands there is motionless, simply is the most perfect jade carving.</p>

<p>But, this Little Thing is awfully!</p>

<p>„It is not good, was too dangerous. Do you know that this Emerald Demon Bird is eats brain matter to evolve oneself!” Tang Wulin anxious saying.</p>

<p>„Does not give.” Gu Yue tight is holding Emerald Demon Bird, has turned around, to a Tang Wulin back.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin moved sideways to arrive in front of her, serious [say / way]: „Gu Yue, is obedient, this is not the amusing thing. It just may almost want your life!”</p>

<p>„Does not give, Daddy is quite cruel.” Gu Yue partly turns around.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin speechless, am I cruel? I was not cruel it to kill us!</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, is obedient, is good. This Emerald Demon Bird is the famous ominous bird, ancient era, had created the reactionary reign of terror. I thought in this only Emerald Demon Bird and old book described somewhat was different, the strength recorded the old book is more formidable. I have knocked down it, if it wakes, will threaten our Life. We have had more than enough including Divine Dragon Transformation now, when the time comes, we must die under its mouth. Do you want to visit me dead?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue gains ground, looks that the Tang Wulin earnest expressions and to both hands that he extends, blinked, suddenly said: „I remember means probably, can make it not injure us.”</p>

<p>Has not waited for Tang Wulin to open the mouth again, she lifts a hand suddenly, in airborne empty.</p>

<p>Strange lines from the sky show, each is silver light glittering, just likes living creature glittering the strange brilliance.</p>

<p>Gradually, these line condense become silver rune, falls slowly toward that emerald-green Emerald Demon Bird on.</p>

<p>Line emerge, the body of that Emerald Demon Bird starts to shiver. Gu Yue gently is touching its hair, „Little Cui is clever, a one after next was good.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin surprised looks at Gu Yue, he clearly feels, in that silver rune, is containing extremely huge Spiritual Strength. Takes his Spirit Abyss Realm spiritual to cultivate, is unable to feel Spiritual Strength that in that rune contains to be actually formidable to any degree unexpectedly.</p>

<p>He hurries to ask: „Gu Yue, what did you also remember?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue shakes the head, „does not have! Is remembers this to let the means that Little Cui is obedient. I am only remember indistinctly that probably as the matter stands, it will again not make. Obedient listens to my words.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin some had not felt relieved, „what to do, if were defeated? It......”</p>

<p>„Will not be defeated.” Gu Yue affirms with earnest saying.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „That this, I promise you not to kill it, but you must make me use Blue Silver Emperor to tie up it, waited for it to awake has taken a look at the situation to say again.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue obvious some do not want, but looks at the look that Tang Wulin insists, finally nodded, has given Tang Wulin Emerald Demon Bird in hand cautiously.</p>

<p>Does not dare to use ordinary Blue Silver Emperor, Tang Wulin has released golden speech (Jin Yu) directly, the golden speech (Jin Yu) tail flings, Emerald Demon Bird Bind.</p>

<p>Sees golden speech (Jin Yu), Gu Yue is also the appearance that is interested in very much, said that golden speech (Jin Yu) is different from before.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin Qi and Blood separation, after breaking through Ninth Layer Golden Dragon King Seal, on the golden speech (Jin Yu) forehead, grew an alone angle, at the same time, the body also grew 18 meters, seemed is very over the body slender, but the body has covered entirely and Tang Wulin exactly the same golden-colored dragon scales, but no longer was only the texture. Felt that looks like golden-colored little dragon(s) is ordinary.</p>

<p>a pair of golden-colored crystal eye pupil, were obviously more than before might. Looks up Tang Wulin, body aura is fearless.</p>

<p>From golden speech (Jin Yu), Tang Wulin felt very intense intelligence, this once was only the defective product(s) Soul Spirit kid, now grew more and more. Tang Wulin has the feeling faintly, if one day, golden speech (Jin Yu) evolves dragon wing(s), perhaps then, it really can become existence that is similar to True Dragon.</p>

<p>Although Tyrannosaurus also follows his bloodline evolution to evolve, but compares with golden speech (Jin Yu), the scope of Tyrannosaurus evolution wanted to be smaller.</p>

<p>One is because Tyrannosaurus is in itself too strong, what is more important, its after all land dragon, is not genuine True Dragon.</p>

<p>golden speech (Jin Yu) is different, it is Tang Wulin first Soul Spirit, Tang Wulin, when bloodline awakens, with it in the same place. Its bloodline, completely and Tang Wulin bloodline is equal. Therefore, was affected by Tang Wulin, golden speech (Jin Yu) evolution pure.</p>

<p>of course, Tyrannosaurus, if can also evolve in the future dragon wing(s), the situation also will be then almost the same as it, different that's all that just excels.</p>

<p>Soul Spirit regarding Soul Master, the most vital function is to provide Soul Ring, the Soul Spirit function of ordinary Soul Master is not big, but regarding Elite, the function of Battle Armor is much greater than Soul Spirit, therefore their energy are also used to train Battle Armor.</p>

<p>Only then as providing final several Soul Ring Soul Spirit may be is formidable enough, can provide the help in the fight to them. Why this is also Shrek Seven Monsters in the combat process, everybody little releases the Soul Spirit reason. As provision front several Soul Ring Soul Spirit, their it, although along with will also evolve in Spirit Raising Platform absorb Spiritual Power, but the Transformation scope is small, cannot withstand to use.</p>

<p>Only then Tang Wulin golden speech (Jin Yu) is different, its evolution with the Soul Ring evolution, but grows with Tang Wulin bloodline. Tang Wulin broke through nine Golden Dragon King Seal, present golden speech (Jin Yu), became entirely different.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin places on the hand golden speech (Jin Yu), golden speech (Jin Yu) stretches out the tongue, selected in his palm place, in look were many several points of pride. As if is demonstrating to Tang Wulin, it now already very formidable.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shows a faint smile, „good! That will fight next time time, made you enter the stage.”</p>

<p>golden speech (Jin Yu) unexpectedly very user-friendly nodded to Tang Wulin, then has turned head, look somewhat bad looks to Emerald Demon Bird. As if was considering that takes to bite to death it.</p>

<p>Gu Yue is gazing at fixedly golden speech (Jin Yu), „not.”</p>

<p>golden speech (Jin Yu) looked up her, some vision as if delay, then lowered the head, unexpectedly was similar to complied.</p>

<p>Gu Yue then lights up with pleasure.</p>

<p>That Emerald Demon Bird is damaged heavily, a short time does not wake, Tang Wulin this time very serious order Gu Yue cannot leave his body surroundings ten meters range, this sits cross-legged to sit, meditation restoration.</p>

<p>The thought immerses, in within the body two vortex circulations revolve.</p>

<p>Qi and Blood vortex significantly reduced, revolving speed is also very slow. Without doubt has consumed massive bloodline energy in just Divine Dragon Transformation process, Soul Power vortex is also. But what makes Tang Wulin surprised is, his meridians as if has expanded in just Divine Dragon Transformation process. Because meridians itself enough tenacity, does not have what the trace of breakage.</p>

<p>Can the strength promotion, control Divine Dragon Transformation mighty energy finally gradually? meditation, he when recalls just Divine Dragon Transformation was being triggered the feeling.</p>

<p>That time he, the fear to the extreme, in the heart has thought that had Gu Yue. Rather is willing dead for her. Then Divine Dragon Transformation inspired under his leadership on the first time.</p>

<p>energy that Gu Yue transmits is too strong, after his own energy fuses, his body approached collapses, cannot withstand. But when he called out pitifully, energy poured into actually stops. Should this be Gu Yue subconscious Control lives?</p>

<p>If Gu Yue is the sober condition, perhaps, own and her Control good Divine Dragon Transformation, to use this Martial Soul Fusion Technique together perfectly.</p>

<p>Just that formidable feeling was really too wonderful. What is more important, only then personally has experienced that stage ability, can better understood that on path that the future will promote, little will detour.</p>

<p>This meditation time is not really short, one is to restore to consume, another is the comprehension of settles down own.</p>

  </body>
</html>