<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="889">#889: chain bracelet the light of seven-colored</h2>
<p>Suddenly, her pupil has contracted slightly, as if saw anything. Simultaneously looks the color of doubts.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin horizontal in hand Golden Dragon Spear, sinking sound track: „Does not intend to affront. We do not know why will enter here. I come here time already stupor. Shortly after I wake up, that Scarlet Fire Monkey King initiative attack we, this was struck to kill by us.”</p>

<p>That purple-haired female deeps frown, has not continued to open the mouth, oppression aura that but on her formerly transmitted actually clearly weakened.</p>

<p>In this time, Gu Yue is poking head from Tang Wulin, somewhat curious looks to that female.</p>

<p>Four items of relative, the body of female vibrated, the eyeground has flashed through the color of more intense shock. She is almost subconscious must say anything, when but she sees clearly the Gu Yue look, stares.</p>

<p>„You name.” purple-haired female sinking sound asked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „I called Tang Wulin, this was my girlfriend Gu Yue. We do not intend to affront, if Your Excellency is willing to put us to depart, I am willing to trade with the valuable thing.”</p>

<p>The female looking pensive visits him, the body was releasing killing intent is clearly weakening, as if by the heart movement that Tang Wulin said.</p>

<p>„Exchange? What do you have to be able with me to exchange?” Was asking, she while was pondering. In her opinion, wants to strike to kill Tang Wulin is the easy matter. But in just, who her has recognized him is, what is more important, she later saw Tang Wulin behind Gu Yue. This somewhat troubled.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stayed, yes! What own has to exchange? Facing this generation of Ferocious Beast, own can make its thing of being interested absolutely not many. What on him are most is rare metal(s). That several types that Heaven and Earth Treasure own gathers for him are the value not poor, may live in Star Dou Forest regarding one has counted Hundred-thousand Years Ferocious Beast, perhaps was not anything.</p>

<p>Suddenly in the Tang Wulin heart moves, has thought a thing, „are you Dragon Clan?”</p>

<p>The purple-haired female eyebrow selects, „good, this is a Infernal Demon Dragon clan.” This does not have anything to be good to conceal. In fact, in front of Tang Wulin this, before Ten-thousand Years, has placed ninth in Ten Great Ferocious Beasts, is Infernal Demon Dragon King. She with the head of then Ten Great Ferocious Beasts, Golden-Eyed Black Dragon King Di Tian, and called Two Great Dragon Kings in Ferocious Beast.</p>

<p>On cultivation for her, although is far from compared with Beast God Di Tian, but must discuss bloodline to be pure, the Innate Body potential, is actually not inferior. Is one of unusual pure blooded True Dragon Dragon Clan inheritance gets down. Therefore can break Heavenly Tribulation, builds Ferocious Beast.</p>

<p>Infernal Demon Dragon?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin holds breath cold air, he immediately has also thought of this status.</p>

<p>Hundred-thousand Years Soul Beast was quite scarce, can cultivate to Ferocious Beast stage, that naturally be very few. Front is Infernal Demon Dragon, how could it not be that is that in legend, she unexpectedly is real existence.</p>

<p>At the same time is thinking, he actually does not dare to neglect, lest the opposite party meets act . Goes on living, is important to him, let alone the side also has Gu Yue.</p>

<p>Lifts the hand, he has picked chain bracelet in own wrist, sinking sound track: „I on another piece of Continent, was once lucky see Dragon Clan Graveyard. Where obtained this string bracelet, may be useful to you.”</p>

<p>Right, he picks that has seven-colored Crystallized Body pendant chain bracelet. Crystallized Body on chain bracelet is sending out gentle seven-colored ray of light, partly visible. If feels carefully, truly can from feels some Dragon Clan aura.</p>

<p>The Infernal Demon Dragon King delicate eyebrows move slightly, lift the hand toward Tang Wulin gently one move, immediately, gentle suction appear(ance), towed that chain bracelet to fly in her direction directly.</p>

<p>50 meters distance already, chain bracelet falls into above the Infernal Demon Dragon King fair palm in a flash. Instance that but moves with her palm in that chain bracelet.</p>

<p>Suddenly, makes situation appear(ance) that they have not thought.</p>

<p>That originally seems very ordinary seven-colored Crystallized Body, suddenly Great Release of Rays of Light, intense incomparable seven-colored ray of light shoots up to the sky.</p>

<p>Jet black such as the world of black ink was exaggerated brilliant seven colors immediately, as if some innumerable Mighty Dragon are exuding the sound of resonant dragon roar.</p>

<p>„” Infernal Demon Dragon King called out pitifully, chain bracelet lets go to depart immediately. In Sky, selects point seven-colored ray of light to condense slowly, changes into huge seven-colored Light and Shadow, that seven-colored Light and Shadow as if dragon-shaped, is having the unequalled dignity.</p>

<p>Then formidable Infernal Demon Dragon King, is crawling unexpectedly instantaneously in the place, the whole body trembles, actually moves cannot move. As if bears the pressure that anything is unable to resist.</p>

<p>But another side Tang Wulin actually dumbfounded. Because, what is entirely different from that Infernal Demon Dragon King, him, anything has not felt. All as usual. The pressure that Infernal Demon Dragon King creates vanished thoroughly.</p>

<p>Bathes in that seven-colored ray of light, he only thinks very comfortable. His behind Gu Yue, at this time also walked, stands with him shoulder to shoulder, in the eye reveals the color of being at a loss, as if also has several points to think.</p>

<p>That seven-colored Crystallized Body from the sky enlarges, next one flickers, changes into together the seven-colored flowing light, returns above the Tang Wulin wrist.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that willpower of respect transmits, as if has any special connection with him.</p>

<p>But at this moment, the seven-colored Crystallized Body rear incisive place of waterdrop to next, punctured his wrist [lineage/vein] suddenly, wisp of fresh blood flows out, happen to dissolves with that seven-colored Crystallized Body as one.</p>

<p>Immediately, Tang Wulin only thought that an unequalled huge thought breaks to his brain in instantaneously, he stuffy snort, one black has fainted at present.</p>

<p>„Daddy” near ear transmits Gu Yue sounds/voices finally.</p>

<p>The distant place, the body of Infernal Demon Dragon King shivered for several minutes, gradually vanishes with that seven-colored ray of light, this returns to normal.</p>

<p>Sits on the ground, her big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath, surprised uncertain looks fell down, but whole body actually in Tang Wulin by seven-colored ray of light gable. In the eye pupil full is shocking.</p>

<p>What is that? Dragon God Blessing? She clearly solid feeling Dragon God aura, that is not genuine Dragon God, but is a thought that as pure blooded True Dragon, is Dragon God that she believes, all pure blooded True Dragon are so. Dragon God can be said as their beliefs. After cultivation to be certain extent, can draw support from the strength of Dragon God.</p>

<p>But just Dragon God willpower, looked like by the strength of belief is borrowed, after all, all Dragon Clan know, Dragon God already no longer existence. May believe also, but that strong belief, Infernal Demon Dragon self-examines, even if 100 own, cannot summon comes!</p>

<p>Perhaps when Dragon Clan was most prosperous in the past, has possibility appear(ance) such Dragon God willpower to arrive. Is this possible? How possible appear(ance) on Humanity, even if their High Lord cannot achieve!</p>

<p>In the heart shocks at the same time, her vision cannot help but falls on Gu Yue.</p>

<p>Gu Yue at this time is being panic-stricken of face, was summoning to lie down in ground Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Daddy? What ghost?” Infernal Demon Dragon King dumbfounded looks Gu Yue there anxious was calling.</p>

<p>She crawls from the ground, arrives by Gu Yue and Tang Wulin quickly, because actually on Tang Wulin is releasing seven-colored ray of light does not dare to approach.</p>

<p>„Host and High Lord......” she were summoning in a soft voice.</p>

<p>Gu Yue subconscious gaining ground, in beautiful pupil full is the tears, „you are an unprincipled person, why you must injure my Daddy. I dislike you......”</p>

<p>„This......” the eye of Infernal Demon Dragon King one was straight. She definitely is unable to believe all that own sees at present.</p>

<p>This is her effective and influential word, overawes many colleagues High Lord?</p>

<p>To, is not right, this has certainly anything not to be right.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, she does not dare to neglect, soars instantaneously, changes into the purple light to vanish together does not see. This matter is not she can decide.</p>

<p>Sky becomes sunny, sunlight shines the earth, forest gives full play to the vitality under shining of sunlight, rich Life aura reverberates in the air, all returned to normal.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin body surroundings seven-colored ray of light is rippling as before, his whole person stupor is very thorough, but does not have no Transformation, seemed looks like falls asleep normally.</p>

<p>time is not long, forms come quietly, Infernal Demon Dragon King that four people, one of them, before left successively fully. Besides her, another three people are female two male.</p>

<p>That female is the look is extremely also beautiful, a bluish-green long skirt served as contrast her to fill Life aura, making one seem will have the feeling of being intimate with.</p>

<p>In two men, one is the look is handsome, but the whole body is actually filling evil qi imposing flavor youth. Another person is the makings concentrates the thick incomparable middle-aged person.</p>

<p>-------------------</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Tang Sect small companion told me, our own shop Dazzling Era Tang Sect was taught Zhangwang Teacher(s) design by the Nankai University fine arts department Golden Dragon King scales and Silver Dragon King scales pendant, sales volume of good several days in entire Taobao Star Shop to have placed first continuously. Thank everybody's support. The interested book friend can have a look. I have established the prosperous Tang brand with Zhangwang Teacher(s), is hopes that can create some high-quality the peripheral products to come out. Have a look some interests to our shops. Our all new book entity books will also sell in our own shop, discount.</p>

  </body>
</html>