<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="841">#841: Study</h2>
<p>*@ Old Devil starts to teach the Tang Wulin knowledge, just as such that obese old man said that all suffering as if passed. Normal guidance.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is always not a stupid person, quick that he studies, moreover quick had found the pleasure. Just as such that *@ Old Devil said that she teaches to his thing, although does not have any fighting strength, but, has the enormous promotion to his survival. In the genuine significance creates the integrity talented people him.</p>

<p>Taught his, not only *@ Old Devil, quick, Loathing Old Devil, Disillusioned Old Devil, Nightmare Old Devil and Devour Old Devil also successively appear(ance) in front of Tang Wulin. Gives him complex knowledge guidances.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin heard a view from their mouth, before Ten-thousand Years, Shrek Academy has the plan, must train the versatile soldiers. Can adapt to various battlefields, has all -around ability versatile soldiers.</p>

<p>When earliest carries on this plan, has a successful case, that is the Spirit Transferring Pagoda founder, one generation of legends, Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao.</p>

<p>But now, Shrek Academy has not dropped this plan as before, but this plan has not been conducted in Academy, but here.</p>

<p>The person who only then can complete all subject inspections in one year, has the qualifications to study the curriculum of versatile soldiers. Without doubt, Tang Wulin is one of them, moreover he is near Thousand Years comes display best one.</p>

<p>During the front all inspections, built up some heart of course is very difficult, wants to maintain does not collapse is difficult. But more importantly, is most difficult, steals aircraft twice.</p>

<p>Especially the second time, must cross the Devil Island sea area to enter North Sea Corps to steal aircraft, the person who this can succeed was really too few. Came in two Hundred Year recently, only then three people are successful, but these three people, afterward became Sea God Pavilion Pavilion Master. And includes Present Generation Pavilion Master, Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming.</p>

<p>The studies of various rich knowledge, making Tang Wulin always enjoy. He starts to achieve mastery through a comprehensive study these knowledge. It looks like the thing that too has usually not paid attention, will study actually to discover really broadly and profoundly.</p>

<p>For example, Devour Old Devil to Tang Wulin careful narrated that mysterious location of various types of food, how food interior energy completely absorb, this and how the cooking have very important relations. How to distinguish the food, including Plant, animal, sea life form wait / etc.. Every day Tang Wulin was instilled into the massive knowledge.</p>

<p>Entire three months of time, Tang Wulin almost during study of watching. Also does not know how these five Old Devil achieve, can always put out the corresponding thing to provide to him carries on the study and cultivate.</p>

<p>„Was good, we should give you to give you, then, is the process that your own achieves mastery through a comprehensive study. When you return to Continent, but also need more things realize from experience. Only then in the society, you can better achieves mastery through a comprehensive study all these.”</p>

<p>„Thank You (xiexie) older generation(s).” These three months later, Tang Wulin sweeps away regarding five Old Devil malice finally.</p>

<p>Moreover, he now also accurate is grasping the companion situation, but also is good, arrived at Devil Islands to have ten months, although progress he of other people so is not quick, but at least so far, did not have a collapse.</p>

<p>They do not have the legal science entire all things, at least can also obtain here exercises enormously.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil said: „Surplus time you stay in the island, should relax. Here has best food, a comfortable place lives to you. After your companion ended the inspection, you can leave.”</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin was brought to the local time of housing, his whole person was shocked. If with the comfort described the place that this living, Tang Wulin will think completely insufficiently.</p>

<p>This is a tree room, Tang Wulin does not know how the tree room is manufacture, but here Life energy be richer than valley. Sets up in the room various facilities to have it all, even also some things of modernization. A comfortable bed, but sits to have a drowsiness, wants to relax the feeling well.</p>

<p>Was suffered for six months, has studied for three months, Tang Wulin was really too exhausted. After delivering him to arrive *@ Old Devil that leaves, he almost goes right to sleep. This rests, is three days three nights.</p>

<p>Wakes from the sleep, Devour Old Devil has sent various types superior food that fills Life energy.</p>

<p>Is eating these things, Tang Wulin simply is affected must shed tears. Finally is after the bitter comes the sweet, lived through!</p>

<p>The scenery on Devil Island is not beautiful, but the tree room of Tang Wulin housing is actually a high spot, from here, can see outside, can see sea. The scenery is very beautiful.</p>

<p>Such comfortable feeling Tang Wulin for a long time has not experienced very much, after he eats to the full, falls on the bed once more, quick fell into the satisfactory sleep.</p>

<p>What ratio this happier matter also has? Has the excellent delicacy, has the comfortable environment, nobody forces cultivate again. Has the freedom. Only needs to wait for that companion came out to leave, all pressures were completely nothing left.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin leans in the sofa before tree front door, is looking into sea of distant place, the whole body is warm, relaxation and comfort that could not say. Insect warbler called is that interesting to listen.</p>

<p>„Not!” Stretched oneself, is stranded intent unconscious appear(ance). This is he arrives here the third day. Every day eats the thing to have a look at, satisfactory sleeping, what ratio this more comfortable matter but also there is?</p>

<p>Wipes the light smile also along with it appear(ance) on the Tang Wulin face, stands up, stretching oneself of effort, he turned around to return to the room.</p>

<p>Is headed by the obese old man, *@ Old Devil and Disillusioned Old Devil, Devour Old Devil, Nightmare Old Devil and Loathing Old Devil, six big Old Devil gather, sits in a cavern.</p>

<p>A picture before them, presented was just stretching oneself returns to Tang Wulin of room.</p>

<p>„Hey, this boy, crosses also is really easy and comfortable.” Obese old man somewhat self-satisfied saying.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil curled the lip, „this has anything to be quite self-satisfied, together is we helps hello.”</p>

<p>„That is also my skill. However, this kid is really not good to deceive. Three months of study that many things, he is actually similar to the sponge generally can all digest absorb, this studies ability is really out of the ordinary. What a pity, regardless of his essence ghost, do not drink the water for foot-washing of old man?”</p>

<p>„Wait / Etc., should not be favorite first.” Disillusioned Old Devil suddenly surprised [say / way]: „This boy has not slept.”</p>

<p>The picture changes, arrived at the indoor, returns to indoor Tang Wulin, on the face is having several points of lazy smile, but he has not actually lain down on the bed, but sat on the bed, sits cross-legged to sit, both hands palm places on the knee of own upwardly, five hearts face upwards, started meditation unexpectedly, standard Mysterious Heaven Skill cultivate posture.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>Six Old Devil are all dumbfounded.</p>

<p>„Such comfortable life, eats that many to fill Life energy food every day, can this boy also think meditation unexpectedly? This is impossible. How comfortable day!” Being startled of obese old man face with puzzled.</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil laughs, „makes you favorite, gets what one deserves!”</p>

<p>Yes, Tang Wulin started meditation.</p>

<p>He is feeling in the air silently the rich Life strength, with the revolution of Mysterious Heaven Skill, enters the body of own these pure and abundant Heaven and Earth Elementary Forces absorb slowly.</p>

<p>The Mysterious Heaven Skill revolution has not sped up desirably, but is stimulating to movement naturally, making his own bloodline aura also follow Mysterious Heaven Skill to revolve slowly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is not irritable, silently is combing strength of Soul Power and bloodline of own within the body. Reason that so careful, was worried that did not pay attention, has broken through Golden Dragon King Ninth Layer Seal.</p>

<p>So long as cannot or be Control does not live completely, he will not go to assault Seal easily. Is absorb Golden Dragon King Essence, more is the strength promotes, in Tang Wulin heart vigilant is also intense.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King Essence takes to him formidable strength at the same time, has taken to his other things, these somewhat said that does not scavenge unclear energy, influencing subtly is affecting him.</p>

<p>For example, earlier Tang Wulin, fight way (of life) is changeable, moreover every so often relies on the Wisdom win. But with the great strength of Golden Dragon King bloodline, he actually more and more likes that type coming now toward, suppression of pure strength. Moreover the emotional aspect similarly was also affected, became compares will be firmer before.</p>

<p>Arrived at Devil Island already almost one year of time, in this year, he received various inhuman suffering or is Test, in entire process, what actually the promotion was biggest was the mentality, was the effect on his spiritual level. This also lets him to feel the issue on own body clearly.</p>

<p>--------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket, recommended the ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>