<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="865">#865: On together</h2>
<p>This month, the harvest of Tang Wulin is without doubt huge, breaks through Ninth Layer Golden Dragon King Seal, strength of separation Soul Power and bloodline, enters step Saint Craftsman, controls Innate Body.</p>

<p>The renewal is quickest</p>

<p>Short one month of time, for him, is more like the beforehand several years of accumulations releases all.</p>

<p>From initially went to Star Luo Empire to the present, had more than four years fully, in the four years, Dragon Burying afterward studied on Devil Island, for him, is a process of accumulation. Is well-prepared, Heaven Dou City one month, he genuine understands that actually own had how ability of degree.</p>

<p>Returns to Inner Court directly, returned to that once own and Gu Yue small log cabin. He is even anticipating, is Gu Yue came back, or at least leaves behind the word in the small log cabin to him, even if has one to believe to be also good.</p>

<p>In the log cabin had a light dust, in addition, not many anything.</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin enters the log cabin next one flickers, in he bright eyes were many several points of desolate. She has not come back eventually, disappears without a word eventually.</p>

<p>Actually may be what kind of pressure, makes you so cruel-hearted unexpectedly? She likes own obviously, is actually that departure resolutely.</p>

<p>Na'er, Na'er where?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thinks the heart intermittent stabbing pain.</p>

<p>Knowledge that in Academy, should study he no longer was short, what are more is needs the accumulation and cultivate of time, unceasing promotion. But his some are unable to sink the heart to come.</p>

<p>But, wants to graduate from Inner Court, needs to become Two Word Battle Armor Master is first good. Two Word Battle Armor Master, the normal request, above Soul Power 60th Rank, Battle Armor completes.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious gripping tightened fist, this coming back, own also this and companion together, diligently assault Two Word Battle Armor Master. After becoming Two Word Battle Armor Master, he must complete the own desire, makes own diligently more formidable, then seeks for Parents, seeks for Na'er and Gu Yue.</p>

<p>The takes a deep breath tone, is smelling the room familiar flavor, he dejected abandoning in own heart. He was 20 years old, ten years ago, Parents departs, he arrives at today step by step, has faced many hardships, but he actually step by step walked. He is very strong, wants strong many compared with the average person, the innermost feelings pain was pressed in a flash, he always told own to be hopeful. So long as own becomes formidable, certainly will be then good in the future.</p>

<p>Opens already entire one month of closure Soul Guide Communication Device, poured into some Soul Power to imitate the energy for it slightly, Tang Wulin has dialed the Ye Xinglan Soul Guide Communicator number.</p>

<p>„Wulin?” Ye Xinglan sounds/voices transmits, she as before is as before is so tranquil.</p>

<p>„Um, is I, I came back. Did everybody come back?”</p>

<p>Another side of Soul Guide Communication Device transmits Xu Lizhi sounds/voices, „Boss, you came back finally, we also think that you were missing. Comes back well, where are you at? Everybody came back, we look for you.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „I in Sea God Island, you come.”</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters has to enter the Sea God Island privilege. This is other Inner Court students does not have.</p>

<p>time is not long, when that familiar face appear(ance) in front of own, on the Tang Wulin face revealed heartfeltly the smiling face.</p>

<p>Although is only one month does not see, sees them again, in Tang Wulin heart warm. At least, side own also has these good companion.</p>

<p>„Well, Boss, how I thought that you is a little different!” The Xie Xie movement is quickest, first arrives at side Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shrugs the arm, „what has not to be different?”</p>

<p>Xie Xie brow slightly wrinkle, „is different. With my Teacher(s) words, is in the feeling different, this is the sixth sense.” Speed Hall Hall Master Liang Xiaoyu is his Teacher(s), Liang Xiaoyu has told him, as Agility System Battle Soul Master, the sixth sense is important. The formidable sixth sense can make him have quickest reaction speed.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said with a smile: „Do you want to know?”</p>

<p>In the Xie Xie eye reveals to be vigilant the color immediately, he and Tang Wulin knew that time is longest, most understands him, when Tang Wulin smiles most temperate, generally is thinks the bad idea the time.</p>

<p>„Does not think!” Xie Xie shaking the head without hesitation.</p>

<p>„I think, me to think.” Le Zhengyu has collected grinningly. His spiritual as if thoroughly restored from the shadow.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has a look at him, has a look at Ye Xinglan again, as if their this month also had not small Transformation! It looks like, among them the issue has been solved.</p>

<p>„Boss, you do not need to visit her. I went to her home, then also led her to go to our home. Our Parents has approved. Momentarily can marry. However after we prepare and other strengths become the strong point, said again.”</p>

<p>Marriage? Heard these two characters absent-minded, Tang Wulin slightly.</p>

<p>Xie Xie flies rapidly a foot, kicks on the Le Zhengyu buttocks, „do you love to talk about somebody's most vulnerable points? Our is forms a pair, when you Boss such do reach an agreement? Are you oppressive dog you do know? Boss as unmarried dog already very pitiful, have you been able like this? I do not do, you said that is Yuan En? Yuan En, you , if willing to marry me, regardless of when me. Now is also good.”</p>

<p>„You sufficed!” Tang Wulin ill-humored [say / way]: „This month, I achieved mastery through a comprehensive study some beforehand accumulations. Therefore you will feel somewhat differently. Everybody all assembled, we in Training Field to island tried the hand. You on together.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu look at each other one, in the heart have doubts.</p>

<p>„On together? Boss did you determine?”</p>

<p>Without doubt, they approve to the Tang Wulin strength, but he is missing that three years of Soul Power to cultivate for the promotion after is not many, but the strength of people, has dominated above him many. On the individual strength, is very as before strong by strength of Tang Wulin bloodline, is, if two pairs one, they do not think that is also not the Tang Wulin match. After all, they were also not initially.</p>

<p>Practicing of Devil Island, everybody is separates basically, moreover what are more is Test spiritual and Soul. Are not many to the individual strength influence.</p>

<p>The Le Zhengyu corners of the mouth place reveals a smiling face, „good! Boss, that such settled.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie smiles, „is also good and be also good. That tries.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looks at the appearance that in their eyes harbors evil intentions, the brow selects. It looks like, they are very as if confident!</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan covering the mouth chuckle, quietly has given a hand signal to Tang Wulin, Tang Wulin suddenly, why the Le Zhengyu confidence so was then full.</p>

<p>But is he to own confidently? What is more important, he also wants to feel, present own, can actually be what kind of degree.</p>

<p>Training Field on Sea God Island on a hill, here ban uses to numerous position Titled Douluo, therefore is absolutely solid, will not have any problem.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin seven people step onto Training Field one after another in high spirits, Xu Lizhi opened Training Field Guard Screen to the one side. As Food System Soul Master, when the team compares notes, obviously does not have his anything matter. He and Xu Xiaoyan was looking in the line at the same time.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan Control System Soul Skill is the heaven defying kind, has words that she participates, which side regardless in is unfair one kind.</p>

<p>of course, two pairs one similarly is in their opinion unfair. Everybody in same stage, cultivates to be higher, in fact the disparity should slightly be more right, therefore, including Xu Xiaoyan, everybody basically does not favor Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>One pair two, that is must have the absolute disparity to win. Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu two people, although bickers frequently, may their relations be in fact good, the coordination absolutely is also tacit, assault agility, resists Tang Wulin, should the issue not be big.( To be continued..)</p>

<p>The quickest renewal correct novel read, please visit</p>

<p>Please collect the home station to read the newest novel!</p>

  </body>
</html>