<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="835">#835: The gas cloud is near finally</h2>
<p>Therefore, Loathing Old Devil had almost been wild with rage by Tang Wulin, under to started the cruel methods finally. May be the bone breaks off, Tang Wulin is also without turning a hair, moreover his body also rapid to heal and recover completely.</p>

<p>As for the strategic point of Tang Wulin torso part, has the Mountain Dragon King Torso Bone protection, only if Loathing Old Devil strikes crushes the Tang Wulin whole body, otherwise is unable to suffer the method of person to use his these in the Tang Wulin body.</p>

<p>„Mixes the boy, you are turtle?” Loathing Old Devil angry incomparable the wolf's tooth club in own hand still on Tang Wulin, turned around to walk. He needs to vent, this is not good, that trades one!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was put finally, works as Disillusioned Old Devil of good person.</p>

<p>„Loathing this fellow, was really too virulent. Tang Wulin, are you all right?” A Disillusioned Old Devil face kind looks at Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin lets somebody cool off or calm down visits him, „also has any method, you use. When you exhaust the bag of clumsy tricks, should put my companion.”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil sighed, „this may have nothing to do with me, was Nightmare Old Devil does. I can help you achieve, as far as possible limits him, making him do not release really that gas cloud.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin did not speak, he more and more somewhat guessed regarding these Old Devil behaviors now.</p>

<p>In any event, at least he now is also living, moreover live is very good.</p>

<p>Under Loathing Old Devil hits randomly, before he, eats Life energy all absorb in these disgusting things to complete with Devour Old Devil together. The present he more and more Control did not live in the strength of own that exuberant incomparable Qi and Blood to go to assault Ninth Layer Seal.</p>

<p>Moreover Tang Wulin even can also feel, so long as own wants, breaks through Ninth Layer Seal to be the successful matter, will not have too many pain.</p>

<p>He must divert attention with very big energy now comes Control bloodline energy of own within the body, is insufficient to break through Seal voluntarily.</p>

<p>If suffers them purely, they should weakly be more and more right, possibly to be how getting stronger and stronger?</p>

<p>Moreover, process that entire suffers although pain, but without a doubt, Tang Wulin has the harvest. He can feel promotion of own in fields. Not only on ability, is in mentality.</p>

<p>Looks at the Tang Wulin ice-cold look, Disillusioned Old Devil complexion sinks suddenly, „didn't boy, you appreciate kindness rendered? Is you thinks I with them am also one group?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin light [say / way]: „You aren't one group?”</p>

<p>Disillusioned Old Devil gets angry: „of course not. Good, since you think. Good, I did not manage you. How casual Nightmare copes with you.”</p>

<p>Then, he turns head to walk. Personal appearance in a flash, on disappearing trail.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin disdains the appearance that snort, Disillusioned Old Devil has installed where he can unable to see, this clearly is outwardly fierce but inwardly faint-hearted. However, he also believes that these model workers have not let off own easily. What then do they want to make?</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin doubts time, near ear has transmitted Nightmare Old Devil sounds/voices suddenly.</p>

<p>„Is very good, now nobody was protecting you. That, enjoyment heartily.”</p>

<p>surroundings all suddenly become dizzy. When the dizziness feeling vanishes, the Tang Wulin surprised discovery, he arrived in a cavern.</p>

<p>The ray in cavern is somewhat dim, can only see clearly inside all reluctantly.</p>

<p>Groans along with it resounding, Tang Wulin saw him immediately already separately long time companion.</p>

<p>Xie Xie, Le Zhengyu and Xu Lizhi, Yuan En Yehui, Xu Xiaoyan and Ye Xinglan. They sober in abundance from the stupor. Expressions have the difference respectively.</p>

<p>But, they were on spiritual received certain stimulation without a single exception obviously.</p>

<p>„Is everybody how is it? You fortunately?” Tang Wulin sees companion, the mood surges, hurries to ask. But this opens the mouth to discover that own sounds/voices is unexpectedly hoarse.</p>

<p>People's this time consciousness restores reluctantly, some vision actually as before delay.</p>

<p>At this moment, in the cavern hears rumble suddenly, has not waited for their reaction to come, several iron bars have dropped from the clouds. Isolates seven people.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is Xu Xiaoyan is separated in the same place, in nearby iron bar, is Xu Lizhi and Yuan En Yehui, another side is Ye Xinglan, Le Zhengyu and Xie Xie three people.</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters was isolated three.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>Suddenly, unlucky premonition appear(ance) in the Tang Wulin heart, at this moment, bunch of thick fog erupts suddenly from their top of the head. They had seen that pink mist.</p>

<p>„It is not good, stop breathing!” Yelling of Tang Wulin almost shouting oneself hoarse.</p>

<p>All people have experienced these pink mist, all tries stop breathing in first time.</p>

<p>But they discovered immediately, own Soul Power by completely Seal . Moreover the whole body is the worn out and aching is incapable. In this case, impossible stop breathing too to be long.</p>

<p>The pink mist floods in the cavern, more fearful matter appear(ance). That mist such as the silk such as the wisp, starts to permeate their skins.</p>

<p>The mouth and nose can temporarily stop breathing, but skin does not have the means.</p>

<p>Helplessly looks at mist permeating within the body, simultaneously the body started to have the dry and hot feeling, seven people were all scared.</p>

<p>Very obviously, Nightmare Old Devil is deliberate way (of life) that they isolate. Absolutely does not have a pair of lover to be isolated together.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shouted angrily, „male student hit to faint own. Quick!”</p>

<p>His willpower strength is always very formidable, although felt that the dryness and heat in own body made his some Placement be ready to make trouble, but he has made the correct choice in first time. Without hesitation hits toward the sidewall of cavern.</p>

<p>„Puff!”</p>

<p>The hit on cavern stone cliff(wall), actually soft is full of the elastic feeling of transmitting. The body of Tang Wulin was shot directly, sits falls down.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu, Xu Lizhi and Xie Xie naturally also heard the Tang Wulin words, and has carried out in first time, but their situations actually and Tang Wulin is exactly the same. The body was shot to come back directly, sits on the ground. Although some dizziness, but was remote from stupor in the past.</p>

<p>What to do?</p>

<p>Seven people of all with amazement discolorations.</p>

<p>They most frightened situation, finally appear(ance). The pink mist is getting more and more rich. Because formerly greatly drank to make noise, Tang Wulin has inhaled two inevitably.</p>

<p>The property of this pink mist is quite overbearing, but this time, Tang Wulin Golden Dragon King bloodline cannot play finally protects his function.</p>

<p>The Dragon Clan natural disposition is obscene, is Dragon King, in Golden Dragon King bloodline apparently does not have any resistance in this aspect. Regarding Dragon Clan, they always keep aloof, visits the inferior race is to the dissemination of own bloodline, is a gracious gift, will otherwise not have that many Sub-Dragon appear(ance).</p>

<p>May, this absolutely be at this moment fatal to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that the body of own is generally scalding hot just like the charcoal, whole body likely by heat generally. His both hands hold the iron bar, effort knocks to the iron bar the head of own. But actually as before cannot have reduces this time body stronger and stronger impulsion slightly.</p>

<p>He is unable to summon own strength of help Martial Soul and bloodline. Even if wants to commit suicide cannot achieve. Formidable body instinct protects him not to receive any injury sufficiently.</p>

<p>The situations of other people are less than Tang Wulin, in the Xu Xiaoyan mouth has transmitted hum gently, she also grabs the iron bar, the body unceasingly is shivering. Relies on own willpower strength to suppress the natural disposition of own body completely.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi a little could not bear, his obese body rolls up in the corner. Another side, the Yuan En Yehui willpower strength wants to be stronger, although she breath shortness, but can also be able to bear temporarily.</p>

<p>Xie Xie, Le Zhengyu and Ye Xinglan here situation is subtle, Ye Xinglan hides in the distant place, sits cross-legged to sit in the ground, the forehead sees the perspiration, is restraining the effect of gas cloud reluctantly.</p>

<p>Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu to fear to affront her, they draw back is very far, moreover in distance near place.</p>

<p>In their this time hearts panic-stricken at the same time, intense * also in unceasing eruption.</p>

<p>„Zhengyu, you have killed me.” Xie Xie smiles bitterly was saying to Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu gets angry suddenly exclaims: „You especially touches my thigh to do? I must be able to kill you, you think that I will show mercy? Had the skill you to kill me.”</p>

<p>„I have not traced your thigh, is you hugs my waist to be good. Let me die, making me die!”</p>

<p>They more make noise, the pink mist of inspiration are also more, the body more and more could not withstand the corrosion of this gas cloud.</p>

<p>„Nightmare Old Devil. How you want to make us do, I promise you, stops these gas clouds!” The Tang Wulin fierce anger exclaimed.</p>

<p>Sees the picture is a matter, genuine facing is a different matter.</p>

<p>---------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>