<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="862">#862: Unexpected breakthrough</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin shook the head, how he possibly knows that Tang Sect Douluo Hall Hall Master is always most mysterious existence.</p>

<p>Although renewal most quickly he present is Battle Member, but also falls far short from the Tang Sect high level.</p>

<p>Mu Ye said in a low voice: „Title No Love (heartless), No Love (heartless) Douluo Cao Dezhi.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin this is first time hears Tang Sect Present Generation Douluo Hall Hall Master, is the Tang Sect Sect Master name, time stared in a big way the eye.</p>

<p>„Associates to what?” In Mu Ye eye ray of light glittering.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin shakes the head at a loss, No Love (heartless) Douluo? Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo?</p>

<p>Mu Ye said: „[Say / Way] is No Love (heartless) actually feels emotion, Excessive Love (passionate) hated since old times idle. In legend, Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo and No Love (heartless) Douluo, cough cough. Did not need me to say again.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stared in a big way the eye instantaneously, „did you mean? Their two both male?”</p>

<p>„Ehm!” Mu Ye has selected the eyebrow, „may not mention this matter except for this room to anybody, this to Tang Sect is one of the maximum secret.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that the whole person is not good, Douluo Hall Hall Master No Love (heartless) Douluo and Vice Hall Master Excessive Love (passionate) is Douluo pair of? This......</p>

<p>„Teacher(s), is your this news reasonable?” Tang Wulin asked to Mu Ye.</p>

<p>„It is not reasonable!” Mu Ye principle saying of of course.</p>

<p>A Tang Wulin almost blood spurts, „was not reasonable you to add that you did not fear......”</p>

<p>Mu Ye said with a smile: „My this did not tell you . Moreover, since there is a legend, of course not rumor, some these definitely views. For example, as far as I know, No Love (heartless) Douluo and Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo have not gotten married, they are one generation of big energies, liked their outstanding females being many. Doesn't have them to like? Is, these two relations have been good, the earlier time common wanderer world, was Tang Sect has performed the distinguished service. The title so is also ambiguous.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin relaxed, said: „Your this is makes groundless accusations.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye smiles, „Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo is forgiving in all directions, No Love (heartless) Douluo does not have the scandal. Legend Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo game world, to cover him and relations between No Love (heartless) Douluo. specific I am not how clear, they are not in any case normal.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin coughs, has the topic about elders, good of his many mixing. Moreover he could also see, Mu Ye said these, malicious intent. After all, Innate Body Sect and Tang Sect earlier book is the competitive relations, but along with the time passage, Innate Body Sect potential, but Tang Sect even more is formidable, had already spread out.</p>

<p>Mu Ye cook truly formidable, in addition food excellent, table of sumptuous lunches have suspended quickly.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua invited the numerous positions to take a seat, without doubt, Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo Zang Xin sat the seat of honor, in the people, was his status is highest.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin takes the junior, naturally accompanies respectfully end the place. Looks that in a good vegetable his heart of table darkly to shout to be a pity, these many elders, he cannot let loose made chewing motions greatly quickly. Only can be looks dry greedyly.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua does not know where from looked for one bottle seemed the liquor of outside wrapping unusual vicissitudes, gave everyone personally but actually one cup, included Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„My this bottle of Dragon Blood Wine history was glorious, had not hated with drink, initially a friend gave to me. Today happen to please appraise.”</p>

<p>The liquor fluid presents for the amber brown, has the light delicate fragrance to flutter faintly, this type of fragrance is unusual, is a little similar to the sandalwood, likely is the garden fragrant fragrance.</p>

<p>In front of Tang Wulin one cup, he has not drunk, immediately the big feeling is curious.</p>

<p>„Senior Zang, fellow good friends, I respect everybody.” At the same time was saying, Zhen Hua carries cup.</p>

<p>Zang Xin shows a faint smile, takes up front wine class, „Dragon Blood Wine, good thing! I also had many years not to drink. Um, smelled like that is Scarlet Dragon dragon blood. Strong mellow, itself has thick fire element essence. To dispelling yin cold evil qi, strengthens own courage vigor to have helps very well. Moreover, makes up Pure Yang greatly.”</p>

<p>Hears makes up Pure Yang these characters greatly, besides Tang Wulin, several masculine Titled Douluo revealed the smile of understanding.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua raises up the thumb, „Senior Zang is really an expert, please.” At the same time was saying, his own in the liquor the cup tosses down first.</p>

<p>Dragon Blood Wine? Tang Wulin curious looks in front cup the liquor fluid, saw that other people have drunk, he was one has also drunk.</p>

<p>Dragon Blood Wine entrance sweet and pure, but is strong, Tang Wulin only thought that steam wells up above instantaneously, the firing line breaks in the lower abdomen of own together.</p>

<p>Whole body all pores in completely have opened in an instant as if, on the handsome face surges immediately two lump of red, at present is also piece of mold hu.</p>

<p>Good fierce liquor! Good comfortable feeling.</p>

<p>He only thought that at this time own body extend opened completely, the skeleton, channels or bloodline and skin, have plants is burnt to console the feeling.</p>

<p>Whole body steam Teng Teng, the skin surface are quickly many have wiped to blush.</p>

<p>Looks at Titled Douluo again, is actually side, if safe.</p>

<p>Without doubt, this is the disparity of strength, takes cultivation of Tang Wulin as, energy that in this Dragon Blood Wine contains was extremely rich, is unable instantaneous absorb.</p>

<p>But also at this moment, suddenly, Tang Wulin hears own within the body transmits „clang” a resounding, within the body Qi and Blood on madness surges. His whole person body one stiff.</p>

<p>Went bad!</p>

<p>Truly has had problems, the issue is, his Ninth Layer Seal, broke.</p>

<p>Dragon Blood Wine leads Tang Wulin has been suppressing bloodline aura, under the ascension, one flushed Golden Dragon King Ninth Layer Seal suddenly.</p>

<p>In fact, Tang Wulin did not know about Dragon Blood Wine, otherwise he will not drink.</p>

<p>Dragon Blood Wine itself of course is the thing of big making up, Zhen Hua takes it naturally is also the good intention, but this Little Thing must look that is who drinks.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin drinks, the nutritious effect naturally has. But don't forget, his within the body was flowing Golden Dragon King bloodline, although Scarlet Dragon was also True Dragon, but quality and rank and Golden Dragon King bad was too far.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King bloodline feels Scarlet Dragon bloodline to enter, how can not the violent anger? Although Dragon Blood Wine was drunk to digest absorb, but Golden Dragon King bloodline is one gets up on Frantic, Ninth Layer Seal that Frantic Golden Dragon King bloodline aura facing already creakied, naturally clashes.</p>

<p>Previous quarter Tang Wulin or the cheek are red, next one flickers to be centered on his body, the energy fluctuation of Frantic bloomed. Skin surface instantaneous courage Golden Scales, has covered his entire cheek as well as the body piece by piece instantaneously.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon King 18 Seal, after first eight opening, on Tang Wulin can, when does not use Golden Dragon Body the majority was covered by golden-colored scales. But this ninth Seal, final scales will make up neat.</p>

<p>Strong bloodline aura to rush, the low and deep dragon roar sound also transmits in Tang Wulin bloodline fluctuation. Chair instantaneous to shatter under his body, sits falls to the ground.</p>

<p>At this moment, Tang Wulin anything could not attend , can only be makes an effort Power Control to make the body of own to sit cross-legged to sit.</p>

<p>This was he already had assault Ninth Layer Seal ability, can stand firm oneself at crucial moments. Otherwise, if like former assault Seal, perhaps already painful pouring on the ground.</p>

<p>Numerous position Titled Douluo also had a scare, Xu Shengqun surprised [say / way]: „The Zhen Hua brother, your this potency of alcohol is a little strong! This child......”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua is also the surprised color, looks in the Tang Wulin heart to fill puzzled, „should not! Although the Dragon Blood Wine effect is very good, but by the Wulin physical quality, withstanding should an issue not have, how can appear(ance) this situation, be his cultivation to achieve tranquilly, soon will break through? Also is not right! His Soul Power should just achieve shortly after 50th Rank, the distance next big bottleneck also has very big disparity.”</p>

<p>„It is not Soul Power.” Zang Xin arrives at side Tang Wulin, both eyes narrow the eyes, „should be similar to the breakthrough of ability, but is actually not Soul Power, but is bloodline aura Transformation of his own within the body. Very overbearing energy, but is also very strange, agrees with his oneself completely.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye also arrives at side Tang Wulin, regarding the Tang Wulin situation, that he most understands, understands that was his within the body that and Dragon-Type approximate bloodline appear(ance) Transformation. To come to be inspired by Dragon Blood Wine.</p>

<p>But takes cultivation of Zang Xin as, had not said that his present situation has the danger, wants to come not to have the too major problem.</p>

<p>, The Tang Wulin condition is gradually tranquil gradually, seems truly greatly has not obstructed.</p>

<p>Zang Xin shows a faint smile, „was good, we continue to eat meal, when we finished eating the food, perhaps he restored.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin felt at this time Golden Dragon King Essence is similar to the blowout blooms in within the body generally, after the whole body last part of places golden-colored dragon scales covers, in his skin surface as if take shape a special energy circulation, the feeling of greatly somewhat growing continually.</p>

<p>------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued..)</p>

<p>The quickest renewal correct novel read, please visit</p>

<p>Please collect the home station to read the newest novel!</p>

  </body>
</html>