<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="864">#864: Being well-prepared</h2>
<p>That ray of light is quite radiant, including Zang Xin, in people eyes appear(ance) instantaneous absent-minded.</p>

<p>The renewal does not have anybody to see most quickly that opens binocular that flash in him, the pupil is not the circular of average person, but raises up, the a pair of eye pupil presents for bright golden-colored.</p>

<p>ray of light dodges, the eye pupil also returned to normal. Tang Wulin only thought that all the limbs and bones are all happy, has exhausted strength.</p>

<p>Although this time broke through ninth Seal, but he has strength to turn time of feeling. Really was too carefree.</p>

<p>„Awoke to eat meal.” Zhen Hua said with a smile.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hurries to crawl, somewhat embarrassed [say / way]: „Senior Teacher and Teacher(s), older generation(s), sorry, I do not know......”</p>

<p>Zang Xin beckoned with the hand, „was good, this is your chance. Eats meal, but, Dragon Blood Wine do not drink.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin awkward smiling, this takes a chair, has eaten.</p>

<p>Because before people, pays attention to him, eats are not many, had repaired to their this is, too does not need to absorb energy through food. Tang Wulin actually not so, as before, how regardless of cultivates to promote, he has not reduced regarding the hope of food, under one made chewing motions greatly quickly, was healthier immediately, after all, these food may be the good things today!</p>

<p>Has eaten meal, other people said goodbye one after another, only remaining Zhen Hua and Mu Ye two people.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said to Mu Ye: „Behind you lines up! But my Master Nephew looks my.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye snort, „control has eaten to provide lodging, I worry.” Then, he has patted the shoulder of Tang Wulin, walked without consulting anybody, only remaining Tang Wulin and Zhen Hua two people.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua sighed one lightly, „Wulin, you may know that today you are working as the surface breakthroughs of these many people, to you, but half congratulations half sorrow!”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart moves, „Senior Teacher, did you mean?”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua said: „I, Mu Ye and Zang Xin older generation(s) does not matter, in some sense, you are our people, we look forward to your talent different to report. But War God Temple and Spirit Transferring Pagoda that several, although is our allies, but from some significance, there is competitive relations. of course, I am only Blacksmith, I am do not matter, but, even is Innate Body Sect may be not true regarding Tang Sect and Shrek Academy. War God Temple invites the thoughts that you join to be perhaps more, but Tang Sect not necessarily is actually willing to put you to go. This involved gambling between high levels.”</p>

<p>„of course, you have shown your potential before people today, definitely will make Tang Sect attach great importance to you, War God Temple and in the Spirit Transferring Pagoda high-level field of vision also meets appear(ance) your form. Looked how you will develop in the future. However, you remember a few words, how regardless of the future, you must how choose, most important is own must be formidable enough. Depends upon other people's strength, sizes up the situation no doubt importantly, but anything was inferior important that own itself comes formidable. Only then own has enough formidable strength, can be in an impregnable position.”</p>

<p>„Yes.” In Tang Wulin heart imposing. Actually he knows these since childhood, Father had said to him, in this world, can definitely trust, and forever relies on, has own.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua shows a faint smile, „you do not need too to be worried that after all you are now young, the potential is matter, whether to change into the strength the potential is different matter. Let alone you behind have Shrek Academy. Moreover, you are Blacksmith. If you can soon break in Saint Craftsman stage, then to any side absolutely was scarce resources. Is higher in the forging aspect achievement, very good conceals ability in your other aspects, to you is also the protective function. Therefore, this time, you stay here, I listened to your Teacher(s) to say your situation, since you were in the Half-step Saint Craftsman situation, then, this time did not break in the Saint Craftsman level, I will not put you to walk.”</p>

<p>Looks cunningness that in the Senior Teacher eye not minces, Tang Wulin also smiles, whatever, Senior Teacher is also hopes own to be able in the forging aspect upper formation building. After all, looks like in Divine Craftsman, what but also there is compared with a forging more important matter? But in fact, to own, can break through in the forging aspect, truly is very important.</p>

<p>At that moment, Tang Wulin lived in Blacksmith Association General Headquarters, every day follows Zhen Hua to study forging.</p>

<p>Those who stem from him to be unexpected, Zhen Hua had not taught how he carries on Soul Refinement, but unravels general, is improving him each detail in forging, although Tang Wulin has done very well, but Zhen Hua actually can find some slight defects in his forging process. Then is makes him carry on various metal(s) Harmonizing Refinement, making him feel metal(s) properties slight Transformation in Harmonizing Refinement.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin spiritual cultivated to already to enter Spirit Abyss Realm, in addition this breakthrough, strength of Soul Power and bloodline had not the small growth, Soul Power has repaired for because unexpectedly the bloodline energy peeling rushed to 54th Rank directly, the strength of bloodline was also suddenly to increase, he in forging, not only stepped up the own forging level, controlled strength that own increased gradually.</p>

<p>, He completely immersed in this forging world gradually, has forgotten time of outside, the entire sentiment invests.</p>

<p>„Did you break through?” Mu Ye pursues asks.</p>

<p>„Yes!”</p>

<p>„Did you break through really?” Mu Ye asked again.</p>

<p>A Tang Wulin face speechless looks at Teacher(s), „Teacher(s), your this asked more than 20! Real, or you ask Senior Teacher.”</p>

<p>The Mu Ye corners of the mouth twitched, „does not use, I believe you. But, 20-year-old Saint Craftsman, this, makes people somewhat be hard to accept!”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin corners of the mouth outlined attractive curve, „may this be the fact.”</p>

<p>In his heart can not be unhappy? Yes, last night, he finally broke through.</p>

<p>In fact, he became 6th Rank Blacksmith had more than four years of time, compared before, speed of this breakthrough was not absolutely quickly.</p>

<p>However, in the Blacksmith world, spanning of each big stage, is extremely difficulties.</p>

<p>From Thousand Refinements to Spirit Refinement, from Spirit Refinement to Soul Refinement, not ill natural moat is ordinary. Every time steps forward big realm, in the forging world, is as for in entire Continent, the influence to be entirely different.</p>

<p>Saint Craftsman and Master Craftsman treatment, differs hundred times. Soul Refinement and Spirit Refinement price spread is also so!</p>

<p>What Spirit Refinement gives metal(s) is Life, metal(s) after Spirit Refinement, is similar to Plant, but Soul Refinement gives metal(s) is actually Wisdom. Wisdom that although at first waits, but made metal(s) learn the ponder, disparity, was huge.</p>

<p>Therefore, when Mu Ye knew that Tang Wulin finally completed the breakthrough yesterday, finally after forging has succeeded his first block Soul Refinement metal(s), questioning that today keeping, is actually this fact.</p>

<p>But Zhen Hua absolutely does not have appear(ance) today, but Mu Ye is completely conceivable, that will cause the what kind excitement.</p>

<p>Grows the tone, Mu Ye said: „Your this boy, but also is really......”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin blinked, „Teacher(s), you did not say that can teach me some Innate Body Sect secret arts? When we start.”</p>

<p>Mu Ye has smiled suddenly, „becomes Saint Craftsman is very self-satisfied? Snort, is quick I to make you know self-satisfied the consequence before me.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin hit to tremble smartly spirit, immediately recalled initially on the ship oppressive the desire immortal by that wanted. However, he is quickly calm, because, he passed through Devil Island military training! What also has more painful than suffering that seven Old Devil bring?</p>

<p>Not only Old Devil suffer their bodies, what is more important suffers their Soul, that is most fearful.</p>

<p>„Your physical state, differs from our Innate Body Sect passing cultivate Martial Soul. On the other hand, I am willing your Innate Body Martial Soul induction to be bloodline. But has the cultivate law about bloodline, Innate Body Sect does not have. Therefore, I teach you, is how the body of Control own. You have strength spatially, is actually not able Control, then, regardless of your strength is strong, impossible genuine to control its mystery. Innate Body energy is so. The human body innumerable mysteries, how stimulate Innate Body, how to control Innate Body, how when uses Innate Body energy to display the geometrical multiple mighty energy, these are I must teach you.”</p>

<p>„Thank You (xiexie) Teacher(s), when do we start?”</p>

<p>„Now!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stopped over in Heaven Dou City for one month, finally returns.</p>

<p>Had Tang Sect Combat Car, he was will not sit Soul Guidance Train, always auspicious omen others Train how was not good!</p>

<p>When he drives to return to Shrek City, already compared with time that initially and companion agreed late five days. However Shrek Academy Inner Court are not many regarding the request of disciple. Gives them many spatial. Is Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters is so.</p>

<p>-----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued..)</p>

<p>The quickest renewal correct novel read, please visit</p>

<p>Please collect the home station to read the newest novel!</p>

  </body>
</html>