<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="887">#887: What is Soul Beast King?</h2>
<p>When Tang Wulin sobers from meditation, discovered that Gu Yue head rest on his thigh, fragrance that rests.</p>

<p>Looks at her resting face, in the Tang Wulin eye reveals the gentle color, gently is stroking her long hair.</p>

<p>Gu Yue Gu Yue, why will you have the Na'er appearance? Also does not have the least bit cosmetics trace. On you, actually what happened?</p>

<p>In this piece very possible is the Star Dou Forest place, he does not have the means to help her treat, only then leaves here first, can help her therapy.</p>

<p>Now can only walk one step to look one step, but after is exits, the entire Continent influence that Shrek City Fallen brings, will make without doubt also the head of this Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters, sustains the huge incomparable pressure.</p>

<p>His clear remembering, Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming before take-off, has said to him, they are the seeds of Shrek. Shrek has trained them, without Shrek, does not have today's him. Without a doubt, he shoulders is rebuilding the heavy responsibility of Shrek, shoulders is being the responsibility of Shrek revenge.</p>

<p>Subconscious grips the tight fist, diligently makes own not recall in Shrek Academy that vice- familiar appearance.</p>

<p>The sad any function, he is not strong.</p>

<p>Does not know how companion, after having blocked that artillery shell, they should not have the matter. At the same time is thinking, Tang Wulin Soul Guide Communication Device of own took from Soul Guidance Storing Device, such that just like he expects, Soul Guide Communication Device does not have the signal. Cannot relate the outside.</p>

<p>Sighed, has not awakened Gu Yue, took out the dry rations to eat.</p>

<p>The distant place, the Scarlet Fire Monkey King body is ascending Ten-thousand Years Soul Ring already, because the time relations dissipated. Without doubt, this Soul Ring wasted. But this does not have the means that Tang Wulin and Gu Yue does not need Soul Ring now. But in fact, if not the Scarlet Fire Monkey King driving attack, Tang Wulin does not want to kill it. Now Continent, but also existence Soul Beast, formidable Soul Beast, was really particularly extremely rare.</p>

<p>In this time, in the Tang Wulin heart is moving suddenly, has remembered that only Emerald Demon Bird, turns head to look.</p>

<p>The golden speech (Jin Yu) plate becomes Serpentine Array, side him, Serpentine Array center, Emerald Demon Bird there. What strange is, its wound healed completely, was covered by the feather. At this time it awoke, the eye of a pair of ruby-like, is looking at Tang Wulin. Lives in its body regarding golden speech (Jin Yu) Bind, does not struggle.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin brow slightly wrinkle, is staring at Emerald Demon Bird, is depending on his meaning, should blow away this fellow directly. The Emerald Demon Bird reputation let his direct under killer sufficiently.</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird seems felt that his malicious intent, the body shrank shrinking subconsciously, then looked to lie down Gu Yue on his leg. Suddenly sends out several clear sounding.</p>

<p>The Gu Yue body trembled, the long eyelash raised, has opened the dim sleepy eyes.</p>

<p>„Does Little Cui. Others are resting soundly, did you call me to do?”</p>

<p>„Squeek psst.” Emerald Demon Bird also called several,</p>

<p>Gu Yue then stands up from failure to sit up, looks at Tang Wulin, immediately digs the mouth saying: „Daddy, Little Cui said that you want to be disadvantageous . Did you frighten it?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin one dull, „can you understand its words?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue nods, said: „Yes! I was the Little Cui master, of course can understand.”</p>

<p>Doubts of Tang Wulin face, „real? Did you determine?”</p>

<p>Gu Yue nods once more, „of course determined. Does not believe you to look. Little Cui, am I beautiful?”</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird hurries to nod.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin laughs in spite of trying not to immediately, „am that I graceful?”</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird stared his one eyes wickedly, then leaves goes excessively, the appearance of that user-friendly, making Tang Wulin somewhat dumbfounded.</p>

<p>„Ha Ha Ha Ha!” Gu Yue has smiled immediately happily, „Daddy, you quickly put it. I ensure Little Cui will not injure my.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, although he somewhat was worried, but looks at the Emerald Demon Bird appearance, should be also good. Moreover there are him side Gu Yue, did not fear actually.</p>

<p>„golden speech (Jin Yu), lets loose it.”</p>

<p>The golden speech (Jin Yu) tail flings, blue light shoots up to the sky instantaneously, Emerald Demon Bird skyrockets.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious must lift hand to grasp, actually held on by Gu Yue. That Emerald Demon Bird from the sky circles for one week, then opens pair of wings to drop slowly, put completely speed intentionally, finally fell on the Gu Yue shoulder, intimate very specific use has rubbed then also rubbing in her head.</p>

<p>Real yield?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin or first time heard that some people can yield Soul Beast, let alone, at present this only Variation Emerald Demon Bird at least also be Ten-thousand Years stage existence, if can be really Gu Yue uses, is the help is naturally enormous.</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird appears very clever, does not have the ominous severe flavor, submissive standing on the Gu Yue shoulder, but also often has a specific use to rub her long hair.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin then relaxed, golden speech (Jin Yu) wanders side him, golden light (Jin Guang) dodges, integrates his within the body to vanish to disappear.</p>

<p>„Little Cui, later you called this name.” Gu Yue grinning tracing Emerald Demon Bird.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin malicious intent [say / way]: „Might as well call Cui Hua to be good, the green body, the red eye, looks like the green leaf to serve as contrast the safflower.”</p>

<p>„Psst!” Emerald Demon Bird called several angrily.</p>

<p>Gu Yue purses the lips saying: „Little Cui it does not like, called Little Cui.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin lets somebody cool off or calm down stared Emerald Demon Bird, „you best honest, otherwise, ahem!”</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird is actually supinely begins, pays no attention to him.</p>

<p>It before this has injured the own man, may not have the least bit favorable impression.</p>

<p>„Walks.” Tang Wulin releases own Blue Silver Grass, communicates surroundings Plant, is investigating the surroundings situation, while walks toward the front.</p>

<p>Has not walked two steps, he stops the footsteps, said to Gu Yue: „You ask it, which direction from can leave this piece of forest?” Although there is a direction of Plant, but Soul Beast, High Rank Soul Beast cannot have particularly in Humanity Wisdom, this Emerald Demon Bird obviously understand this piece of forest compared with them.</p>

<p>Gu Yue looks to Emerald Demon Bird, in the eye as if has ray of light to flash, Emerald Demon Bird chirp called several, Gu Yue to nod, said: Direction that „Daddy, you judge is right, toward that side, can walk to outside. However Little Cui said that outside has more fearful existence. But said probably is our Humanity.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, here more and more likely was that place that he judged. If is really, Soul Beast frightened Humanity is also very normal. Is Humanity unceasing seizes their survival spatial originally.</p>

<p>According to his understanding, the entire Star Dou Forest Nucleus circle surrounding, should by with large army defense, formidable Soul Beast rioting that in order to avoid inside is a rear survival. This actually does not come from Federation with large army, but is Spirit Transferring Pagoda.</p>

<p>On Continent, the Shrek Academy strongest place is Prestige, is graduate who its has pupils everywhere. But Tang Sect is strongest, is resources and Business aspect. But Spirit Transferring Pagoda is strongest, then through Soul Spirit as well as Spirit Raising Platform control and so on to Soul Master world.</p>

<p>Spirit Transferring Pagoda General Headquarters, in being away from the Shrek Academy not far place, outside Shrek City. Also is distance that Star Dou Forest not far away. The Star Dou Forest Nucleus circle, the control in the Spirit Transferring Pagoda hand, actually inside anything situation nobody had known that wants to enter, that is must pay to the Spirit Transferring Pagoda extremely high price. It can be said that Spirit Transferring Pagoda quite therefore is rearing in a pen these strongest Soul Beast.</p>

<p>He does not know how own and Gu Yue enter here, but wants to walk from here, not only wants in place forest formidable Soul Beast, in the meantime, before departure, but must run out of the tight encirclement of Spirit Transferring Pagoda to be good.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin looks to Gu Yue that is here that Gu Yue leads him to enter, moreover Gu Yue should not lower in the Spirit Transferring Pagoda status now. But, her present memory does not have, a pure looks like white paper.</p>

<p>It seems like that only then own is leading her, through the law of seepage learns from Devil Island Old Devil there, was separated to encircle tightly.</p>

<p>Leads the way in forest, Gu Yue through with the Emerald Demon Bird communication, brings many convenience to them. Emerald Demon Bird told Gu Yue, Soul Beast in forest was now few, therefore everybody did not have the struggle of territory basically, respectively lived existence one piece to belong to the own region. Therefore, bumps into the Soul Beast probability not too to be high. It knew with that Scarlet Fire Monkey King that no one how anyone, Scarlet Fire Monkey King is tells it to have the Humanity game to enter here, it comes, mainly to look for food.</p>

<p>Cultivation of Emerald Demon Bird to as if to the bottleneck, have having needed Devour Elite brain matter be able to evolve. In this piece of Star Dou Forest, so long as also existence Soul Beast, is not good to cope, it does not dare to act rashly. Controls this piece of forest Soul Beast King to prohibit strictly among Soul Beast to massacre mutually, it does not dare to defy.</p>

<p>„What is Soul Beast King?” Tang Wulin curious asked to Emerald Demon Bird.</p>

<p>Emerald Demon Bird stayed, then actually shook the head, whole body hair slight(ly) is shivering, as if very fear.</p>

<p>-------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>