<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="774">#774: terrifying strength</h2>
<p>Shock! All people were shocked. 4000 mean Spirit Abyss Realm Top Rank, after achieving this stage, in the future will have opportunity assault Spirit Abyss Realm!</p>

<p>What is Spirit Abyss Realm?</p>

<p>Spirit Abyss Realm, As Deep as a Prison, the blue sky underground spring, on under the poor blue sky the underground spring, the thought to the myriad things thoughts of returning home, Top Rank Spiritual Strength has legendary Soul Spirit foundation, can fuse any stage Soul Spirit, orange Soul Spirit and red Soul Spirit only may fuse are one, in having these two Soul Spirit any situations, fuses other Soul Spirit ability to be equal to Spirit Sea Realm again. If no red and orange Soul Spirit, may hold other stage Soul Spirit upper limits is five, but the rank does not limit. Normal, Spirit Abyss Realm is the Humanity limit.</p>

<p>But, the light is shining as before, moreover is firm, but uniform speed shines, this means that Tang Wulin has not reached the limit.</p>

<p>„Drop!” The instrument has made a sound suddenly. Formerly all lights unexpectedly simultaneously went out.</p>

<p>When all people think the examination of Tang Wulin ended, side, purple light has shone.</p>

<p>„Spirit Abyss Realm!” Wu Zhangkong blurted out, on the face full is shocking. In fact, until now, his Spiritual Strength cannot break through Spirit Abyss Realm!</p>

<p>What is Spirit Abyss Realm? It looks like the speed sonic barrier, above the Spirit Abyss Realm following and Spirit Abyss Realm, completely is the concepts of two stage.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin was repairing to unexpectedly break through Spirit Abyss Realm, this simply was too inconceivable.</p>

<p>yellow lights then shine, had not finished, test is continuing as before.</p>

<p>The people no longer shock, they were somewhat numb. 47th Rank Soul Ancestor, Spiritual Strength cultivates is Spirit Abyss Realm. Even if Spiritual System Soul Master, Spiritual Strength is also not necessarily able to be this degree?</p>

<p>They had guessed, Gu Yue Spiritual Strength should achieves Spirit Abyss Realm. But, has not confirmed. Meanwhile, Gu Yue Martial Soul, but the Element(s) control, requests to be high to Spiritual Strength.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin is Assault System, is counted Control System at most again. Why his Spiritual Strength can high to so the degree. Everybody cultivate Purple Demon Eyes! Is the disparity so why big?</p>

<p>6000!</p>

<p>7000!</p>

<p>The light is still shining, has not stopped, Tang Wulin Spiritual Strength has clearly been over Xu Xiaoyan one time. Then, some Wu Zhangkong delay, this situation, he has not seen in Academy. In the Inner Court student, Spiritual Strength cultivates for can surpass Tang Wulin absolutely is extremely rare.</p>

<p>According to Wu Zhangkong knows, in entire Academy, spiritual cultivate to strongly, of course is Present Generation Sea God Pavilion Pavilion Master, one generation of Limit Douluo Sky Raising Douluo Yun Ming.</p>

<p>Old Yun Spiritual Strength has achieved legend existence Divine Origin Realm, but also is Shrek Academy only Divine Origin Realm.</p>

<p>Besides him, even if Light and Dark Douluo Spiritual Strength cultivates for also in Spirit Domain Realm stage.</p>

<p>Spirit Domain Realm and Spirit Abyss Realm are only the one pace! 20,000 Spiritual Strength, are the Spirit Domain Realm thresholds.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Spiritual Strength has surpassed 7000 now, he now is only 18 years old, this means in the future him in the Spiritual Strength stage aspect, certainly can assault Spirit Domain Realm. This was unable to describe with talent.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong also knows that Spiritual Strength in the Soul Master cultivate earlier period, regarding does not walk to strive to excel spiritual kind of Martial Soul Soul Master to affect is not that obvious, after may arrive at Titled Douluo stage, Spiritual Strength has the decisive function. Wants to be farther, Spiritual Strength that the Titled Douluo level walks strives certainly to excel, is stronger , to promote possibly is bigger.</p>

<p>Limit Douluo must have Divine Origin Realm spiritual to cultivate is, but this point, has caught many Super Rank Douluo most important place.</p>

<p>Reason that Light and Dark Douluo cannot achieve that stage , because, her Spiritual Strength is unable to break through the Divine Origin Realm bottleneck.</p>

<p>Now world, can have Divine Origin Realm spiritual to cultivate is, coming of palm of the hand number.</p>

<p>of course, is high stage, as if in having the God Realm age existence Godking Realm Spiritual Strength, already vanished. It is said that only if genuine Becomes a God, otherwise, Spiritual Strength is impossible to achieve that realm.</p>

<p>speed that the light shines finally started to slow down, this means that the examination reached the final stage, when the second 18 yellow lights shone, finally stopped.</p>

<p>A purple lamp, 28 yellow lights.</p>

<p>„7800 Spiritual Strength.”</p>

<p>Feelings of some people having a parched mouth, 7800! Really fully has 7800!</p>

<p>This is what kind inconceivable.</p>

<p>7800 Spiritual Strength, mean that any they are very clear. Spirit Abyss Realm, As Deep as a Prison Spirit Abyss Realm! Moreover just did not cross the threshold. From the 10,000 points of Spirit Abyss Realm intermediate stage is not that remote.</p>

<p>Wears helmet Tang Wulin unable to hear outside sounds/voices, reminded after the prompt sound, he took off helmet. Looks that is gazing at own companion glassy-eyed, asking of doubts: „You how?”</p>

<p>„7800!” Xie Xie to Tang Wulin compared with the act potential, the left hand is seven, the right hand is eight.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has gawked, then „”.</p>

<p>„? Ended? Boss, aren't you surprised? Your Spiritual Strength has reached 7800 points, Spirit Abyss Realm!” Xie Xie excited saying.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Gu Yue already is Spirit Abyss Realm. This has anything.”</p>

<p>The people were all speechless.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong vision brilliant visits him, „you already know that own did break through this stage?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin nodded, „breakthrough time as if has to feel, as if entire world became clear, moreover sensation large scale promotion. Looked like has shoved open a leafed door, entered another world.”</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong has gawked, after long time, he nodded to Tang Wulin, „Thank You (xiexie).” Without doubt, the sensibility of Tang Wulin has the help to affect for him.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „What is?”</p>

<p>„strength test.” Wu Zhangkong said that although he unemotionally, but the fluctuation of look appears this time mood not to have in the surface to be so tranquil.</p>

<p>The Strength Testing Tool volume has surpassed the imagination of Tang Wulin, seems looks like a hill. Above has over 30 to stroke Placement, each size and shape are not same.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong said: „strength test is comprehensive, can test unusual is careful. For example, you can test own palm strength, fist strength, shoulder assault strength, can test Battle Armor strength, weapon attack strength wait / etc.. I suggested that you can carry on fist strike strength test, then after dressing Battle Armor, test one time, was OK again.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is he, as soon as strips, regarding Tang Wulin ability, nobody was clearer than him.</p>

<p>„Good.” Tang Wulin complies with one.</p>

<p>People subconscious draws back several steps. Compares in Spiritual Strength, everybody is without doubt more curious regarding Tang Wulin strength. Thinks including Yuan En Yehui formidable strength Tang Wulin light, then, can actually his own strength limit be what kind of degree?</p>

<p>Fist strike target appear(ance). Tang Wulin moved the body of own, strength of to rush within the body Qi and Blood, the whole body has warmed up immediately. His eyes starts to send out light golden-colored halo.</p>

<p>„Starts!”</p>

<p>Drinks with Wu Zhangkong one greatly, the Tang Wulin body half revolution, then like lightning strikes a fist.</p>

<p>Right fist!</p>

<p>„Bang” the entire target vibrated fiercely, then that is similar to hill shivered several to return to extremely unexpectedly fiercely normal.</p>

<p>„Right strikes strength sincerely, 104,000 kilograms.” The electronic sound has given the answer!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin own was shocked, 104,000 kilograms? What concept is this?</p>

<p>One ton is 1000 kilograms, 104,000 kilograms mean that own this fist, has 100 tons strength fully.</p>

<p>The audience are silent, Wu Zhangkong is also.</p>

<p>--------------------------------------</p>

<p>second, asked the recommendation ticket!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>