<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="867">#867: Pulls out instantaneously flies</h2>
<p>Eight Golden Dragon rise straight from the ground, each over five meters, what terrifying was spatial twisted, Le Zhengyu only thought that spatial madness of that distortion was tearing the body of own, making him have to release many Sacred Flame to resist, in the meantime, his Holy Sword also completely cut in the vacancy, declined radically on Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The renewal is quickest</p>

<p>Xie Xie in close-range, is in itself Agility System Soul Master, directly was flushed by the fluctuation whole person, the whole body is lacking in vigilance.</p>

<p>Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu after all are Shrek Seven Monsters, although simultaneously does not faint from fear right, but their reaction also absolutely are enough quick. They as if by prior agreement, released own Battle Armor in first time.</p>

<p>The Battle Armor rapid turn over, covers the whole body, resists Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth mighty energy, but Tang Wulin has not planned to give them obviously such opportunity, sees only his personal appearance half revolution, the right leg wields like lightning, eight Golden Dragon that airborne raises are ordinary just like all rivers run into sea, drills into his right leg instantaneously, then in the people eyes, on appear(ance) huge Dragon's Tail, has swept away.</p>

<p>Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu can do, after is puts on Battle Armor, All-Out defense. Then their bodies are similar to artillery shell generally are rumbled to fly, distant flies beyond hundred meters, hits on Guard Screen. Splashes two dazzling halo.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>This!</p>

<p>This?</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu and Xie Xie were perplexed. On the Xu Xiaoyan face smiling face freeze, Xu Lizhi stared in a big way both eyes.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui and on Ye Xinglan face expression also in instantaneous stiff.</p>

<p>Is this possible?</p>

<p>In their eyes, this was unable to describe with the miracle simply.</p>

<p>Two!</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Shakes the Earth and Golden Dragon Swings Its Tail, are ability in Golden Dragon Nine Styles. But such two, Tang Wulin even does not have the release including Martial Soul.</p>

<p>Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu had been rumbled to fly.</p>

<p>Is they do not coordinate tacitly? Is their attack not formidable?</p>

<p>It is not.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin ability is extremely overbearing, the overbearing two people of bases do not have the opportunity.</p>

<p>Falls to the ground following screen, Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu think the whole body Qi and Blood tuck dive all, although Battle Armor has blocked the overwhelming majority attack strength, but the feelings of some of their actually as before whole body worns out and aching, hurry to transfer Soul Power to restore diligently.</p>

<p>Has not been injured, is, just that two, actually the ratio was injured also makes them shock.</p>

<p>By an enemy two, pull out instantaneously flies.</p>

<p>This simply......</p>

<p>When, his changed was so formidable? Just that flickered, they also had before, is when facing initially Monster Academy that Dragon King Long Yue. Mountain Dragon King once took to them to oppress the strength like this, but that time Mountain Dragon King Martial Soul was formidable, surmounted their stage, the Martial Soul also crush.</p>

<p>But present Tang Wulin, has Five Rings obviously! In cultivation for on not compared with them. But that terrifying oppression strength, was ordinary just like the mountain at this time, the oppression comes.</p>

<p>At this moment, Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu understand suddenly, own two people, unexpectedly with him already no longer on same stage.</p>

<p>„Comes again!” Tang Wulin low and deep sounds/voices simultaneously resounds in their ears.</p>

<p>Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu have put on their Battle Armor at this time, after simple controlling one's breathing, they simultaneously body.</p>

<p>With is Shrek Seven Monsters, can they not have the heart of viing for supremacy?</p>

<p>Xie Xie soars, swings the body in a flash, the body revolves in airborne High-speed, gets up with the dragon roar sound, on him ascends immediately together Golden Dragon Light and Shadow, Fifth Soul Ring Great Release of Rays of Light, is his fifth Soul Skill, Light Illusory Dragon. In that Light Illusory Dragon shadow place, dragon of nothingness is partly visible, Shadow Illusory Dragon.</p>

<p>Had formerly lesson, this time comes up, he used own strongest ability, Double Dragon Transformation.</p>

<p>In the Le Zhengyu hand Holy Sword points to the sky, drinks one coldly, meaning of the Frantic erupts immediately from him, back Angel phantom enlarges instantaneously, his Soul Spirit Little Angel also along with it appear(ance) in his shoulder, together radiant golden light (Jin Guang) soars, tiny particle Bi Xian who entire Training Field shines upon, huge golden light (Jin Guang) drops from the clouds, is refracting suddenly, this diameter has three meters giant light beam fully, instantaneously on Devour front Xie Xie Double Dragon Transformation.</p>

<p>„,” In more spirited dragon roar sound, Double Dragon Transformation brings that Angel's Fury intense Sacred Light to drill suddenly, the prestigious imposing manner made in entire Training Field all become a piece of distortion.</p>

<p>Two big One Word Battle Armor Master simultaneously display Top Rank Soul Skill, by Angel's Fury amplification Double Dragon Transformation, formidable of its mighty energy, even if Two Word Battle Armor Master does not dare the frontage to meet hardly.</p>

<p>But has Tang Wulin stands in same place moved as before, but the look became dignified several points.</p>

<p>His courageous however takes a deep breath tone, the whole person as if became along with the movement of inspiration inflates, within the body Soul Power vortex High-speed revolved, the Qi and Blood vortex reversion of chest place revolved, whole person body surroundings has covered [gold/metal] white two color halo, piece by piece golden-colored dragon scales reappearing naturally in his skin surface, four golden-colored ring of light regarding in body surroundings.</p>

<p>„Raises”</p>

<p>When Tang Wulin this Golden Dragon Roars roars, saw only his surroundings Qi and Blood surge, the body of whole person in instantaneous empty melted all over the body unexpectedly, but changed into huge Golden Dragon Head, unequalled cruel aura burst out. As if he really incarnation is Golden Dragon King is at this moment common.</p>

<p>Xie Xie Double Dragon Transformation under this Golden Dragon Roars, unexpectedly instantaneously became illusory, even if there is Angel's Fury in addition to hold, unexpectedly also had the sign that must break up.</p>

<p>At this moment, Tang Wulin appears, both hands by body, regelation heavy extrusion, Golden Dragon Ascends The Heavens!</p>

<p>Formerly the huge dragon head again congealing reality of empty, in a flash changed into 30 meters in length golden-colored Mighty Dragon outrageously, with that Double Dragon Transformation maliciously hit together.</p>

<p>Spirited dragon roar, calls out in grief general dragon roar, resounds through entire Training Field.</p>

<p>Distant place observing people, all for it discoloration.</p>

<p>But appear(ance) that at this time, by Training Field, several forms also been quietly, has included Scarlet Dragon Douluo Zhuo Shi and Blazing Dragon Douluo Feng Wuyu this Double Saint Dragons old two.</p>

<p>When Feng Wuyu looks Tang Wulin this type Golden Dragon Ascends The Heavens promotes, was startled stares in a big way the eye, „old thing, was this your Scarlet Dragon Ascends The Heavens?”</p>

<p>Although Zhuo Shi in the eye similarly is also revealing the color of shock, actually immediately sticks out chest, „clothing refuses to accept!”</p>

<p>Feng Wuyu turned head to look at his one eyes, immediately discovered his look was not right, „took, this was not your incurs radically. After improving. I do not believe you unable to feel shivering of bloodline.”</p>

<p>Truly, takes cultivation of their two big Titled Douluo as, at this time under Tang Wulin Golden Dragon Roars and Golden Dragon Ascends The Heavens, unexpectedly in trembling, moreover is quite intense, that is in one sense of fear from bone, even if in their eyes, Tang Wulin in Training Field, has a palatial feeling.</p>

<p>At this moment, Tang Wulin vanished suddenly, the whole person looks like in airborne transforms golden-colored Mighty Dragon once more, but moves sideways, flew high to fly to formerly the Nucleus place of collision.</p>

<p>His right arm finds out, wields void, Golden Dragon Claw rises suddenly against the wind, changes into a diameter to surpass five meters huge dragon claw racket to fall outrageously, the dragon claw claw finds out the dark-gold light blade edge sharp, this claw lays out instant, surroundings spatial changes into black suddenly, is ordinary just like the black hole. The terrifying attracting customer interest erupts from that black hole, two forms explode Nucleus to locate immediately appear(ance) from that all was covered under this claw.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Soars and Golden Dragon Solitude Destruction Claws Divine Dragon Nine Styles.</p>

<p>„Bang”</p>

<p>Two forms simultaneously fly upside down, this time did not fly to the same direction, but flew respectively to two directions, Le Zhengyu was better, the back a pair of wing forwarded the counter- volume, the own gable, but in flying upside down, but in process, feather ** the piece flew to fall.</p>

<p>----------------------------------------</p>

<p>Welcome everybody to join our own prestige and Platform. Prestige - increases friend - search public number, searching Tang three few, has first of v authentication is.( To be continued..)</p>

<p>The quickest renewal correct novel read, please visit</p>

<p>Please collect the home station to read the newest novel!</p>

  </body>
</html>