<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="810">#810: Airborne capture</h2>
<p>All previous Shrek Seven Monsters is not ill startled certainly colorful Elite, had two in one generation of Shrek Seven Monsters, because extraordinary event Fallen. That time, deep sleep temperate Shrek Academy has revealed the fang of own suddenly. The retaliatory action of that terrifying, until now also makes the human have a vivid memory.</p>

<p>Shen Yue also sees in the material of military strict security, that event, directly caused Federation Member of Parliament to replace 16 Member of Parliament.</p>

<p>The folk is nobody knows obviously had anything, but that time has had the enormous vibration regarding the entire Federation high level. Actually as to have anything, records without any material. Said the consequence is extremely serious. All and that two died the Shrek Seven Monsters concerned person, all has Transformation of varying degrees. That is not Transformation that anybody is willing to accept.</p>

<p>At this time, Xie Xie Control aircraft was rising into airborne, Sky Flyer 17 speed are quick, far ultra ordinary Mecha. Suddenly the sword, sea has been in sight.</p>

<p>Xie Xie does not have any experience regarding the aircraft control obviously, but the simple direction can complete Control. After rising into the upper air, directly soars the sea direction to fly. Now they need, seeks for that islands.</p>

<p>That islands, actually where?</p>

<p>Xie Xie looks out into the distance, 30 kilometers, in airborne is a visible range. However, was quick his look on the delay. Because he discovered impressively that in distant place sea, has islands existence, but is actually not an island, but is one piece, the entire islands, take a broad view to look, at least has one and 200 islands densely covered in the distant place sea area in very big a range.</p>

<p>„What to do?” He saw, Ye Xinglan naturally also saw.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan showed the whites of the eyes, „what to do do I know? I am not Captain. Now cannot relate, first flew to say again. At the worst we look to the island in again.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie angry [say / way]: „Academy was also too ruthless, gives us 15 days of time, blocked the coastline not saying that was unexpectedly false including the map, radically was not islands.”</p>

<p>„wait a moment, the map shows me.” Sits said in following Xu Xiaoyan suddenly.</p>

<p>The map in Ye Xinglan, she is responsible for the piloting, she has handed over the map.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan said: „Academy again pit father, but at least they give on our map, the islands shape should not be wrong. Xinglan, you look according to the islands shape, looked from Sky that can find the shape to be similar, has similarly, we toward that side in the past.”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan eye one bright, hit a sound to refer, „was reasonable, Xiaoyan you were too intelligent. Flies toward that side!”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan is pointing at the direction of archipelago, then in eyes purple light glittering, looks out into the distance, seeks with the map on shape similar islands.</p>

<p>At this time, Tang Wulin shuts tightly in aircraft back both eyes, intense air current assault his body, is having Blue Silver Emperor luckily forcefully fixed, in addition their body enough tenacity, otherwise, already could not withstand.</p>

<p>Under this position, cannot see is any situation, now can only be waited for that Xie Xie they can guarantee found the appropriate place.</p>

<p>At this moment, suddenly, two howl to resound. Tang Wulin looks up reluctantly, saw only two shadows to pass over gently and swiftly from the Sky Flyer 17 both sides instantaneously, impressively was also two fighter aircraft, many that but speed be quicker than them.</p>

<p>Two fought the undershield a circle, kept off in their front, maintained same speed flying with them. Also is two fighter aircraft, appear(ance) in the both sides, again two, appear(ance) behind them. All is maintaining and their same speed.</p>

<p>In Xie Xie earphone, sounds/voices once more appear(ance).</p>

<p>„Orders you to return immediately, otherwise, direct airborne wrecking.”</p>

<p>[Say / Way] that Xie Xie disdains: „Has the skill you to wreck, won't go how is it?” At the same time was saying, his fierce pushes the control handle, aircraft suddenly accelerates, flushed toward slanting under. Let alone was the North Sea Corps fighter aircraft, Ye Xinglan had a scare by him.</p>

<p>The airborne six fighter aircraft hurry to change the flying direction , to continue to surround toward them.</p>

<p>Without doubt, the Xie Xie flying technology is how regardless of cannot compared with them.</p>

<p>Control tower.</p>

<p>Shen Yue Lieutenant General of military garb rushed to here with quickest speed, that caught the Tang Wulin seven people of majors to stand side her, but, the expression of this major was somewhat restless at this time.</p>

<p>„Situation how?” Shen Yue Lieutenant General asked to Colonel Liu Ming.</p>

<p>„They are very strong, is not willing to return. We sealed off reluctantly, reduce them to approach Devil Islands speed, but their battering were very dangerous, might create the catastrophic crash fate anytime. General, carries on the airborne capture?” Colonel Liu Ming sinking sound said.</p>

<p>Shen Yue brow tight wrinkle, „how long North Sea first Mecha regiment also arrives.”</p>

<p>Colonel Liu Ming said: „One minute soon will arrive. The leading troops also 20 seconds arrive.”</p>

<p>Shen Yue relaxed slightly, „after the Mecha regiment arrives, immediately carries on the airborne capture. Leads to me them. Remember, I must live, cannot injure them.”</p>

<p>„Yes.” What the fighter aircraft in airborne excels is attack, if no Mecha regiment to coordinate, wants to complete the capture is the difficulties matter.</p>

<p>Sky Flyer 17.</p>

<p>„These bastards, they use the airplane tail wake effect unexpectedly we. To, what to do?” Xie Xie is quite annoyed at this time. They were away from the archipelago to be very near. But the control of airborne that six aircraft is really good, unceasing is carrying on a series of impediments, is guiding his off-course. If not Xie Xie several bold collision suddenly, they even might be forced to return to the North Sea Corps base.</p>

<p>But this is not the means that Xie Xie after is a crude person, is really limited to the aircraft Control level. Moreover cannot collide . The opposite party two aircraft came an airborne vertical balance a moment ago unexpectedly, with turbine wheel injection orifice air current assault of airplane tail their aircraft. Caused their aircraft to sink to below, deviated originally the direction. Another several aircraft also followed a set pattern, guiding them to fly toward the side.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, others that six, are trump card pilot. Copes with Xie Xie this young new military recruits, the method were too many.</p>

<p>„Asks Captain, what to do? Lands ahead of time.” After Ye Xinglan slightly one hesitates, immediately said to Xu Xiaoyan.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan hurries by engine room screen, gives several simple hand signals to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin naturally also saw surroundings these aircraft to their a series of influences. In the eye cold brightness glittering, beckoned with the hand to Xu Xiaoyan, then has referred to own.</p>

<p>In this time, in the engine room, Xie Xie is crying suddenly, „Mecha!”</p>

<p>Under, altogether six Mecha howl, speed is not slower than the fighter aircraft, they all have the painting of black, rapid appear(ance) under. But also at this time, regarding completely found out embrasures under their surroundings six aircraft, clathrias in airborne High-speed spraying, instantaneously 17 gave to cover their Sky Flyer.</p>

<p>These clathrias launch unusual was ingenious, has avoided the turbine wheel injection orifice, moreover after the net was occupied by them, immediately stretches straight, six aircraft powers obviously compared with aircraft, directly lead them to want round trip flying.</p>

<p>Airborne capture!</p>

<p>This situation let alone sees, Tang Wulin they listening not to have heard, this time was also broadens the outlook.</p>

<p>At this moment, has crawled in aircraft back Tang Wulin, suddenly sat the body straight.</p>

<p>Then, a colossus suddenly on appear(ance) before his body.</p>

<p>At this time, that carries on the airborne capture to them six aircraft, driving below six Black Rank Mecha that is responsible for protecting, as well as control tower, is all paying attention to them in the airborne situation.</p>

<p>----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>