<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="833">#833: Vomiting ...</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin rather goes to study aircraft, Tang Wulin rather goes to absorb Ruin energy. He even rather faces entire North Sea Corps artillery barrage, is not willing in this state of mind in the sober situation, to bear the so fierce pain throughout.</p>

<p>All that the words exaggeration of Devour Old Devil, he has not said are this time Tang Wulin feel. This is to at heart and suffering of physiological two aspect.</p>

<p>Whenever Tang Wulin suffered consciousness gradually fuzzy time, he will feel that spiritual sea was stimulated, the human instantaneously becomes sober, but at that time, was just he can a clearer feeling in all that in the own mouth had.</p>

<p>This feeling is really hard to describe in the spoken language. He wants dead now, only wants dead.</p>

<p>Finally, 24 hours passed by, racket of Devour Old Devil in the Tang Wulin top of the head, let his successful stupor in the past.</p>

<p>Looks to lie down in ground Tang Wulin, side Devour Old Devil, two forms reappear, is Nightmare Old Devil and Disillusioned Old Devil.</p>

<p>„You said that I was too cruel? I added a material to him. Before this way (of life) me, has imagined, has not realized. Can not be normal his exciting spiritual?” Asking of some Devour Old Devil as if worry.</p>

<p>„Does a bit less this set. You to he eats insect time how without hesitation.” Saying that Nightmare disdains.</p>

<p>A Disillusioned Old Devil face angry [say / way]: „You were really too mean, shameless. Before this method you, how not to have told us. Can you like this? Can you in suffering the method of person exceed us? Appearance that looks at his pain, in his heart, clearly you be stronger than our two. I am very discontented, do you know? My unusual is unsatisfied.”</p>

<p>„Ha Ha Ha Ha! Getting what one deserves. You like being satisfied, the old man is very in any case happy. Very happy. Oh, I must quickly give that several kids also to try. Has a look at them is any reaction. spiritual is not normal is also all right, doesn't have Loathing that fellow? He most can help the human restore spiritual.”</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Little Fatty, that such looks like, we had the common language. From now on, so long as I eat anything, you eat anything. I guarantee you to be able very easy going through a strategic pass.” Devour Old Devil smiles said to Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath. He puts together completely All-Out absorb Ruin energy, finally can mount the opposite shore, but, regardless of he uses any means that is actually not able to enter North Sea Corps. In his cognition, when artillery barrage approaches, he does not know that what's the matter, directly returned to Devil Island.</p>

<p>Then Nightmare Old Devil told him, he was defeated, immediately must release the toxic smoke. At this moment, Devour Old Devil just like Savior general appear(ance), Devour Old Devil told him, so long as he listened to own, can preserve companion not to be suffered by the toxic smoke.</p>

<p>Then, Xu Lizhi was brought in forest by Devour Old Devil.</p>

<p>Looks at that emerald-green big insect, Xu Lizhi blinked first, then saw that Devour Old Devil threw into the mouth to make an effort to chew insect.</p>

<p>Xu Lizhi stared in a big way the eye immediately.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil smilingly visits him, then hears Xu Lizhi to ask surprised: „Can this thing eat? Delicious not?”</p>

<p>This time was one's turn Devour Old Devil to stare, then he saw that Xu Lizhi lifted the hand, has pinched another insect in his hand, has thrown into the mouth of own directly, mastication that also made an effort.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>After 32 mastications, Xu Lizhi eye one bright, then sees only his Adam's apple to move, obviously that insect swallowing.</p>

<p>„Oh, I also think very disgustingly. Who knows that the flavor is good! Although slightly has the bitterness, but in acid belt pain, after painstakingly, has to return to Gansu. What is more important, the whole is bringing the quiet fragrance of bamboo. After eating, in belly nice and warm, but also is very comfortable. Delicious! Has not thought that on Devil Island also has the so unique local product. Also, digs one to me again.”</p>

<p>Looks at a Xu Lizhi in high spirit appearance, Devour Old Devil enough slow the long time, muttered the tunnel: „Little Fatty, you are eating this aspect, is really the somewhat original talent.”</p>

<p>He was adding, actually saw that Xu Lizhi arrived at the tree to squat, both hands turn in the soil are looking......</p>

<p>The same thing, some people suffered desires live to want, serious that some people actually enjoy. of course, appear(ance) of this situation really not on Devil Island.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil is always not a person of conceding, said accurately that everything Old Devil on this island, does not have one to concede. Therefore, he does everything possible to look for various types „superior” food asked Xu Lizhi to taste.</p>

<p>But where he actually knows that Xu Lizhi unexpectedly all comes are welcome, just started also slightly has the hesitation, may along with the passage of time, he actually be eats is getting more and more happy, is getting more and more excited. To finally, is over the face red light that eats, does not need Devour Old Devil to lead, he can also , in Devil Island this piece filled in Life aura valley to seek for various types „food”. Is a self-made person simply.</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil has to be repulsed, he can only choose to suffer other people. He has to acknowledge that the Xu Lizhi talent different reported that the spiritual big strip.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Xu Lizhi broke the record......</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not know how completely these two months of own come. Every day passed in the murkiness, to suffering of body also in next, on suffering to spiritual was really too intense.</p>

<p>The person who his likes eating, is noticed anything that Devour Old Devil suffers wants to spit. However, his body adapts to ability to have an effect formidable gradually.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin discovered quickly, body of own not, because the pain suffers to weaken, polarity, along with unceasing eats these strange things, any insect, cockroach, snake, mouse and ant and so on. Qi and Blood became even more is instead exuberant. Especially own Life aura, is strong serious.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Devour Old Devil, Thank You (xiexie) you! But, that did insect have? How long it can live. Can I ask your matter, I stress several again, you ate to Le Zhengyu. This insect Life strength is so rich, is very certainly good to his body. He saved me with the Sacrifice talent before, lost too many Life energies, if can eat several insect, will certainly have good help function to him.”</p>

<p>Devour Old Devil dumbfounded looks a Xu Xiaoyan face take pity on is holding appreciatively in the hand bluish-green big insect, seems like manipulating any treasure the appearance.</p>

<p>Was this world? Food System Soul Master can eat insect, this young miss......</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan first time eats insect time, the painful degree and Tang Wulin are similar, but she discovered quickly that in this insect has filled rich Life aura. Therefore, when a Devour Old Devil second plan she eats insect, she had the present performance.</p>

<p>This adapts to ability......</p>

<p>Other is not good, adaptation ability of this miss simply is, certainly!</p>

<p>of course, is specially miserable.</p>

<p>For example......</p>

<p>„Vomited, vomits and vomits, has killed me!” Xie Xie was calling out pitifully. His spiritual must definitely collapse.</p>

<p>„Vomits, I must kill you, vomits, do not give me the opportunity, I must kill you!” Ye Xinglan pretty face became wax yellow.</p>

<p>„Vomits, vomits and vomits. I spelled with you!” The body of Yuan En Yehui is twitching unceasingly.</p>

<p>„Good, has had tears streaming down the face! Devour Mr. Old Devil, excuse me, how these insect should preserve. Can I bring to walk in departure. If can preserve, so rich Life energy support, our Holy Angel Family can more optional use Sacrifice talent. You looked that our Family has enough financial resource, we jointly develop the Life energy insect in Devil Island this valley. Perhaps we can become the raw materials for medicine their refining, in that case, you may be have made the remarkable contribution to the entire day under.” Le Zhengyu is also disgusting, but has him of Sacrifice talent, is all people are most intense regarding the Life energy sensation. Disgusting after having eaten insect, he has discovered mystery.</p>

<p>Thereupon, four people headed by Tang Wulin, had been suffered the entire three months by Devour Old Devil. But Le Zhengyu, Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi, recommended for admission to school to be promoted.</p>

<p>„You know that what in this world I am most repugnant is what?” Has the aquiline nose, the complexion gloomy old man stands in front of Le Zhengyu, asking that lets somebody cool off or calm down.</p>

<p>In his look, has been full of the color of Loathing, as if in his front Le Zhengyu is in this world most repugnant existence.</p>

<p>„I do not know.” Le Zhengyu honest saying.</p>

<p>With Devour Old Devil in together that several days, after is Le Zhengyu arrives at this Devil Island, the most satisfied day of passing. He uses Sacrifice for Xu Xiaoyan the Life strength of consumption, after eating many insect, restored was similar. This calculates absolutely on is the happiness of accident, this also made him decrease regarding this Devil Island loathing mood. Now the only expectation, can rescue own companion.</p>

  </body>
</html>