<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="839">#839: Their stories</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, „calculates according to time, I come here should six months. Before coming to here, Academy told me, this should be two years of military training, do I pass now? If you want to deceive me, perhaps you want to be too many.”</p>

<p>The obese old man arrives in front of him, „why do I want to deceive you? Two years? That is to the average person. You believe that can cross sea to make aircraft to come back, can this matter everyone three months like you complete? In fact, your several friends did not have one to complete. You are only one complete at present. But cannot complete that inspection, is impossible to go through a strategic pass.”</p>

<p>„In fact, believes that you also some guessed. Does Shrek Academy possibly really make you come to bring death? All these are the Academy arrangements. In fact, can you know our origins?” Saying that the obese old man smiles.</p>

<p>Origin?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes narrow the eyes, does not have the least bit to believe his meaning as before.</p>

<p>The obese old man he he smiles, „does not believe has not related, when I said that it is estimated that you will also believe some. First makes me come to you to speak the Devil Island take shape reason.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, he arrived in front of Tang Wulin to sit without consulting anybody, even if sits, he also be higher than Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The right hand wields, a front appear(ance) table, then does not know where he from pulls out, various types of food have chocked up one table.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin retreat two steps, thick smell sharp aroma, making his index finger greatly move. But had Devour Old Devil Test, his of course will not act rashly.</p>

<p>The obese old man waved, „*, comes out.”</p>

<p>The form dodges, young version *@ Old Devil appear(ance), arrived at the table to be implicated baseless.</p>

<p>The obese old man said: „After I he said that you start to teach his knowledge.”</p>

<p>*@ Old Devil nodded, „good. By his talent, one month of time should be similar.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has not relaxed vigilantly, freely the present all look like more and more likely real.</p>

<p>The obese old man shows a faint smile, „was good, making us from the beginning mention. This piece of Devil Islands, is more than 1000 years ago suddenly appear(ance). Its appear(ance) has the inevitability, there is a fortuitousness. Said accurately, even if to the present, actually we were not clear to have anything. Our of course is not the genuine devil, said accurately that we once were also Humanity.”</p>

<p>„Devil Island take shape, falls from space falling innumerable fragment(s) after the sea appear(ance). In this piece of Devil Islands, appear(ance) two clearly opposite energy, have believed that you have felt. One type, is incomparably rich Life strength, but another type, is actually as if can Ruin all Ruin energy. Also is you sees that Ruin Fragment(s) to bring.”</p>

<p>„Disillusioned Old Devil does not have lie, here, on each islands has Ruin Fragment(s) together, but the size is different, but by each Ruin Fragment(s), definitely will have rich Life energy. Because balance between their two, causes these Ruin energy to be insufficient to leak, brings the devastating disaster to Douluo Continent.”</p>

<p>„Observes and judges according to we many years of searching, had certain discovery. Estimated according to us that this rich Life and Ruin energy, does not come from Continent itself. Even does not come from our planet.”</p>

<p>Listens to him to speak of here, Tang Wulin could not bear open the mouth finally, „didn't come from our planet? Comes from outside world?” Along with the progress of science, Humanity had already discovered that Douluo Continent that at present they survive is also good, Star Luo Continent and Heaven Dou Continent, these on huge planet.</p>

<p>planet is named as Douluo Star, but through can discover to the observation of outside, in vast universe, some innumerable stars existence. More things, the scientific and technological standard was unable to investigate to be too many at present. But in technical most advanced Douluo Continent as three pieces of Continent, has been developing in the direction of exploration outer space.</p>

<p>The obese old man said: „Right, should come from outside world. Moreover, according to our judgments, they are likely related with us. You should know that had many and many years, Humanity world nobody again became Gods. Like Tang Sect ancestor Tang San, Spirit Transferring Pagoda founder Ice Spirit Douluo Huo Yuhao.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Has Gods existence really?”</p>

<p>The obese old man [say / way] of without hesitation: „Has . The Tang San ancestor Becomes a God matter, has the detailed record in Continent many ancient books, at that time, Becomes a God also continues he, Shrek Seven Monsters another six people of also completely Becomes a God that he leads, inherited different Gods, flew upwards successively God Realm. Even the Tang San ancestor also once spread some related God Realm situations.”</p>

<p>„Knows according to us, God Realm also has rule existence. So-called God Realm, in fact is Life stage achieves the world that Elite in another standard lived. That world is governing our like this low stage world. But in God Realm, there is social class existence, most Top Rank Gods, was called Godking. God Realm committee that God Realm comprised of five Godking governs, is governing our these Lesser World destinies. But probably receives the rule to limit, they cannot intervene our these low stage potential surfaces to be too many.”</p>

<p>This view Tang Wulin or first time hear, although in his heart vigilant also, but also cannot help but is attracted by all that this obese old man narrated.</p>

<p>The obese old man continues saying: „After Tang San ancestor Becomes a God, obtained once of favors five big Godking, finally becomes the Godking successor. Inherited besides Sea God, Asura God Gods position, thus becomes one of the five big Godking. Five big Godking another four, should separately be God of Good, God of Evil, God of Life and God of Ruin.”</p>

<p>„Their five are governing God Realm, naturally is governing our Douluo Star rule. But, before counting Thousand Years, since Ice Spirit Douluo flies upwards, we again did not have Elite to feel God Realm existence. But in fact, along with Battle Armor appear(ance), the Humanity overall strength was initially more formidable. Present Limit Douluo adds on the Four Word Battle Armor words, was absolutely possible to inherit the Gods position, rises into God Realm. But God Realm does not have any to induce appear(ance) again. This makes us have to suspect that God Realm had problems.”</p>

<p>„This point you do not need to question that this is all previous Shrek Academy, Tang Sect and Spirit Transferring Pagoda high levels spreads. After Top Rank Elite of this Three Great organization achieves certain stage, will attempt to feel God Realm existence, but, actually again also nobody can induce to that world. Besides God Realm itself had problems, I cannot find out other answers.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, „that said that God Realm no longer existence?”</p>

<p>The obese old man shakes the head, „specific situation nobody is clear, nobody knows that God Realm had anything. However, we believe that God Realm had certainly problems.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „What relations that this and does Devil Island have?”</p>

<p>The obese old man said: „You should listen to me to say a moment ago, in God Realm five big Godking, two separately are God of Life and God of Ruin. Then, are you some mental association?”</p>

<p>In Tang Wulin heart one startled, „you said that Devil Island existence is related with two big Godking?”</p>

<p>The obese old man shows a faint smile, nearby *@ Old Devil said: „Really is this judgment. About before two Thousand Years, Life and Ruin energy drops from the clouds suddenly, Ruin energy was that fragment(s), take shape Devil Islands, but these Life energy actually throughout follow Ruin energy, but existence, was restraining it.”</p>

<p>„The Ruin antonym is Creation, but the Creation ultimate goal is Creation Life. This two are opposite, actually complements one another. After these two energy appear(ance), has had very tremendous influence to this sea area. Sea Soul Beast of potential prestige suddenly had the enormous development. Has posed not the small threat to the Continent coastal territory, starting from that time, had the North Sea Corps arrangement here. Also had afterward us to come here searching to observe.”</p>

<p>The obese old man shows a faint smile, „Nightmare that fellow of course is frightening your, in fact, do we possibly have to you any disadvantageously? Although here we truly are very lonely, but in the final analysis, we are common origin.”</p>

<p>„common origin?”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart moves.</p>

<p>The obese old man said: „Because, we were in the past that generation of Shrek Seven Monsters. Searches to observe Life and Ruin mystery, our Duty-bound Responsibility. Therefore, we arrived here. Here, we had a pitiful fortuitous encounter.”</p>

<p>---------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. Welcome everybody to use the hand and machine, gets down and carries, the day Tang animation, watches our own cartoon! Dragon King and Peerless Tang Sect, God Realm Legends and big carapace master, has it all.</p>

  </body>
</html>