<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="868">#868: He already so formidable?</h2>
<p>Another side, the Xie Xie appearance was frigid, two huge wounds from the right shoulder to the left thigh place, Battle Armor were cut unexpectedly completely.</p>

<p>Renewal most although quickly that Battle Armor is relying on the itself Spiritual Alloy Top Rank quality in fast Self-Restoration, but Xie Xie actually also directly lost fighting strength, falls on the ground, cannot stand again.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin drops from the clouds, falls in the ground, exudes one to thunder, the audience, is silent.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui moves sideways, rushed to side Xie Xie, has hugged from the ground him, inspects his physical state.</p>

<p>When the next quarter, she gains ground, in the eye the color of shock is rich. Xie Xie seems the appearance is frigid, may in fact a wound by, Battle Armor clearly not be cut, has revealed inside Innate Body, has not actually damaged including the clothes, but was sealed up bloodline and Soul Power. Tang Wulin formerly that formidable attack, unexpectedly can strength Control to so subtle stage, simply be the strange its technique.</p>

<p>Nobody will think that he just that was the having no way wound to Xie Xie, in fact, if his All-Out to go, perhaps the body of Xie Xie had been cut to pieces.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu falls to the ground, does not feel better similarly, Battle Armor was also appear(ance) three huge breakage wounds, only compared with the Xie Xie strong point was, his Battle Armor has excelled in defense strength, has not damaged completely.</p>

<p>After falling to the ground, his whole person was ignorant, in just that flickered, facing Tang Wulin lays out that claw time, he only thought that the body of own was attracted absorbs there, wants to dodge cannot achieve. Only can stiffly shoulders. But his Holy Sword cannot play any defense to affect, first time crushing under that terrifying Golden Dragon Claw, then other people have flown upside down. If not All-Out defense, perhaps he and Xie Xie are also similar. Moreover he can also feel obviously that Tang Wulin that claw, does not have All-Out completely. What is more important, he has not put on Battle Armor! This simply......</p>

<p>When, did he unexpectedly become so formidable?</p>

<p>In other Shrek Seven Monsters six people of feelings, this time Tang Wulin, already completely with them not in a category, but has not seen in one month, this seems like reborn simply, is more like dragon soaring through the nine heavens is ordinary, shows has surpassed toward strength. Even if were Le Zhengyu has promoted Six Rings stage, is Soul Emperor, may before him, not have the least bit opportunity as before.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu understands, only if own uses that Sacrifice stunt, perhaps can also spell to spell. May so, he also think that the opportunity is not big.</p>

<p>Was this disparity also too rather big?</p>

<p>Racket of Yuan En Yehui after on Xie Xie has rubbed several next, Xie Xie then awakes to turn around. Then his body is shivering unexpectedly unceasingly, enough after several seconds, returns to normal.</p>

<p>„You how?” Asking of Yuan En Yehui doubts.</p>

<p>The Xie Xie forced smile said: „bloodline frightens, was too fearful. Before Boss just that Golden Dragon Roars and entirely different, my bloodline has submitted to directly, the entire body sluggish such as fills the lead to be common, does this also hit? When Boss already formidable in this way?”</p>

<p>At this moment, in the people eyes, Tang Wulin that just dropped from the clouds, looked like trades simply has resembled personally. The personal appearance no longer is slender tall and straight, but is big and tall palatial, even if they once faced Mountain Dragon King Martial Soul owner Long Yue the time, seems also mediocre, moreover Long Yue has also been short of Tang Wulin that essence reserved brilliant feeling. Only then Long Yue under madness condition as if can compared with the present Tang Wulin imposing manner.</p>

<p>Transformed, he transformed, hidden dragon leaps out of the deep pool, soars.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin looked at both hands of own, was feeling just to the utilization of strength, to the utilization of body, as well as to the control of own each point of strength, coordinated the sensation of Spiritual Strength to match with searching to observe. This feeling is wonderful.</p>

<p>Because besides breaks through Golden Dragon King Ninth Layer Seal to make the strength of his Qi and Blood complete, Innate Body Sect that to various body Control as well as to spiritual Control Method, played the crucial role.</p>

<p>Like such that Mu Ye said that had strength spatially, the application of genuine will not be useless, without a doubt, Tang Wulin initially has controlled now has applied ability of strength of own Soul Power and Qi and Blood. Within the body two vortex High-speed revolve, involves and complements one another mutually, the beforehand consumption quickly restores to come.</p>

<p>„I try.” The form dodges, Ye Xinglan arrived in front of Tang Wulin, facing strong Tang Wulin, she, not only does not have the half minute to be timid, instead fighting intent is soaring. This is she, no matter, would grasping the nettle. Her road, wants unceasing challenge Elite, breaks through in assault limits.</p>

<p>„Good! Yuan En comes together.” Tang Wulin also beckons to Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Yuan En Yehui and Ye Xinglan, are stronger than Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui stands up, the stride arrives at side Ye Xinglan, what making Xu Lizhi surprised was, Ye Xinglan had not opposed unexpectedly. Can see from this point that she confessed was not the present Tang Wulin match.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan has licked red lips, arrives at side Le Zhengyu, said: „Starts!”</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan lateral steps forward one step, then the whole person concentrates to stand there is motionless, but in this flash, her body surroundings ray suddenly became gloomy, as if all rays were attracted by her body absorb, extremely sharp sword intent jumped to shoot from her, made Training Field Guard Screen appear(ance) the intermittent ripples.</p>

<p>sword intent that but that spreads continued the flash to converge the past like her top of the head above, will not affect others, but such condensation, sword intent was also more fearful.</p>

<p>Ye Xinglan has closed both eyes, she has not released Martial Soul, looks like stands there meditation. But the Tang Wulin expression, obviously compared with formerly dignified many.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui one step steps forward, keeps off in front of Ye Xinglan, the personal appearance rises suddenly, shows her Great Titan Ape Martial Soul.</p>

<p>The both arms lift by the body, pair of Giant Hammer(s) appear(ance), this Giant Hammer(s) initially Tang Wulin gave her baseless, when facing the fight of Evil Soul Master was once incomplete, afterward looked for other Blacksmith to help after Yuan En Yehui, patched. This was the steelyard weight of Mecha use as if unable to see any weight in her hands.</p>

<p>The Yuan En Yehui look concentrates, Battle Armor rapid turn over on, cover in which her whole person, the imposing manner rise suddenly instantaneously.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin this time has attacked on own initiative, the tip of the toe in the ground, the human generally flushed just like artillery shell, carefully looked that can see from his High-speed form, his body while assault since, the right arm receives backward, grasps to hold turned into a fist, from the sky has completed the Storing Power movement.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui steps forward once more one step, similarly is assault, dual hammers brandishes horizontally, this she does not have any to keep the hand, because of her very clear Tang Wulin strength.</p>

<p>„Bang” both sides collide suddenly in together, even if is relying on the a pair of steelyard weight, in addition own Battle Armor amplification, under this pure strength meets the tough head-on with toughness, the body of Yuan En Yehui by flying upside down of Tang Wulin fist bombardment, like formerly Xie Xie and Le Zhengyu, hit directly on Guard Screen of distant place.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin body from the sky stagnated, back Golden Dragon Light and Shadow flashes before, Golden Dragon Soars for him in the airborne two acceleration, dashes to Ye Xinglan.</p>

<p>Also at this moment, Ye Xinglan moved, her right hand lifts, empty grasps after the own brain, Star Divine Sword appears, sword light instantaneous glittering that the bolt of white silk also resembles together, all rays were all attracted in that flash absorb, in all person fields of vision, sees in jet black spatial, together radiant starlight instantaneous flash, but.</p>

<p>„Clang!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin drops from the clouds, by a Ye Xinglan sword interception, this is also in today's comparing notes process, some first people can block his offensive directly.</p>

<p>The Ye Xinglan whole body megascism simultaneously, Battle Armor takes possession, the personal appearance dodges, sword tip(s) is radiant, has covered his body.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin both arms get up in the body front trail, treadon Ghost Shadow Perplexing Track, speed incredibly fast of whole person are unexpectedly incomparable, in illusory glittering brings a series of afterimage.</p>

<p>Although Ye Xinglan Star Divine Sword is fast, actually falls on the vacancy, is unable to lock his personal appearance.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui from the distant place ball, two groups of Air Artillery simultaneously the bang to Tang Wulin, contains his personal appearance, at the same time, she has also completed own Gigantic Demon Titan Transformation, grasps dual hammers, drops from the clouds, falls behind Tang Wulin, around with Ye Xinglan launches the potential of converging attack.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan stands side Le Zhengyu, said in a low voice: „Has a look at others, Sister Xinglan and Yuan En do not have you to be so weak.”</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu showed the whites of the eyes, „is not we are weak, is Xie Xie that fellow is weak. He has coldly by the heart and gall that Boss that dragon roar deters, cannot display fighting strength to come, otherwise, my where will defeat that miserably. Is useless including sixth Soul Skill. Moreover, I just may have the strength of again war.”</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.( To be continued..)</p>

<p>The quickest renewal correct novel read, please visit</p>

<p>Please collect the home station to read the newest novel!</p>

  </body>
</html>