<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="791">#791: Golden Dragon reveals the prestige</h2>
<p>Here sound attracted black-clothed person of distant place immediately. Soul Guidance rays immediately crowded launches in their directions.</p>

<p>„Be careful, Soul Guide Cannon!” Xie Xie sounds/voices resounds.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin subconscious turning head looks that sees only on a black-clothed person shoulder to carry a gun tube, happen to aims at own.</p>

<p>Next flickers, howls with one, one group of bright purple ray of light directly soars own to fly to shoot.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin cold snort, body golden light (Jin Guang) dodges, four golden-colored ring of light upper bodies, first ring of light shines, Golden Dragon Body!</p>

<p>The whole body was covered by golden-colored scales, his left hand Golden Dragon Claw finds out instantaneously, grasps unexpectedly directly toward that only group.</p>

<p>„Bang” a bang, Soul Guide Cannon unexpectedly directly grasping exploded by Tang Wulin. Formidable explosive force assault on him, can only make his golden dragon scales piece sparkle shine, makes him withdraw unable to achieve continually.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, that launched Soul Guide Cannon Soul Master already softly. Xie Xie when reminded Tang Wulin already act .</p>

<p>On speed, in the entire team Xie Xie is second to none without doubt, but copes with these to cultivate for about black-clothed person in Soul Elder, Agility System Soul Master obviously is preponderant.</p>

<p>Shadow Dragon Dagger shuttles back and forth in illusory and reality, black forms cannot fall to the ground.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin assumes the center, protects following Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi, looks over the audience. Xie Xie, Yuan En Yehui, Le Zhengyu and Ye Xinglan clash to cope with these black-clothed person.</p>

<p>Has not discovered anything to threaten, dozens black-clothed person just like easily accomplished drop down in the face of the Shrek Seven Monsters formidable offensive generally.</p>

<p>Suddenly, a sense of fear flashes through in the Tang Wulin heart imperceptibly suddenly, he is almost turning round without hesitation, one grasped behind Xu Lizhi and Xu Xiaoyan, is having their body crosswise tumblings.</p>

<p>gray-black Light and Shadow dodges not to have together, in the ground leaves behind one has been five meters, width one meter gap, deeply did not see the bottom unexpectedly.</p>

<p>What terrifying is, by that gap, is corroding unexpectedly rapidly.</p>

<p>„Evil Soul Master!” Tang Wulin drinks one lowly.</p>

<p>„Dares to prevent our motions. Your Soul can by sacrificed and refined.” Ice-cold sounds/voices reverberates in the air.</p>

<p>Together form also slowly reappears, he float in midair. The whole body covers in the grey clothes. Whole person seemed has been full of haze flavor.</p>

<p>The body altogether has seven Soul Ring, two yellow, three purple, two black!</p>

<p>Soul Saint!</p>

<p>This unexpectedly is Evil Soul Master of Soul Saint rank. The ash-gray form also continues this together. In darkness, as if appear(ance) the gate of space and time, ash-gray forms quietly reappeared, adds to have more than ten completely unexpectedly. Their Soul Ring least also four, Seven Rings has in front of Tang Wulin this. In addition four Six Rings, surplus are Four Rings and Five Rings.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin heart sinks, what if the grey clothes represent is Evil Soul Master, then, simultaneously appear(ance) several Evil Soul Master, to them without doubt are the huge threats.</p>

<p>Reason that Evil Soul Master Evil , because they can promote own with some cruel way (of life), not only promotion speed is quick, but also their ability are virtually impossible to guard against. Soul Master of same level rank, Evil Soul Master be much more formidable than ordinary Soul Master.</p>

<p>Their existence, aimed at destroying and Ruin, Evil cultivate way (of life) will definitely cause their character distortions, even not by Control.</p>

<p>„You help other people. Here gives me.” Tang Wulin waved to behind Xu Xiaoyan and Xu Lizhi.</p>

<p>They understood Tang Wulin strength, without hesitation runs in the directions of other people.</p>

<p>Shrek Seven Monsters coordinates long-standingly, other people after discovering Evil Soul Master, is rapid converges toward Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The Evil Soul Master offensive has also launched at this time, they absolutely do not have any meaning of exchange. Formerly black-clothed person also remaining twenty, saw Evil Soul Master appear(ance), immediately disperses, threw in the Train direction.</p>

<p>Their this slaughter motions obviously are early deliberate, what the functions of numerous Evil Soul Master seem to be more is to bring up the rear.</p>

<p>Airborne Evil Soul Master both hands open by the body, dusky mist bursts out from him suddenly, the personal appearance dodges, plunged Tang Wulin, a pair of gray-black Sharp Claws directly soared the Tang Wulin overhead to grasp.</p>

<p>Good quick speed!</p>

<p>speed of this grey clothes man also wanted compared with Xie Xie quickly, Tang Wulin almost thought that at present a flower, Sharp Claws arrived in front of own, grasped to his face, another grasped to his chest.</p>

<p>Once were grasped, finally can be imagined.</p>

<p>Agility System Evil Soul Master?</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not have retreat, facing speed such quick match, even if will be retreat will not have anything to affect.</p>

<p>golden light (Jin Guang) glittering, Tang Wulin a pair of Golden Dragon Claw keeps off in the own face front alternately.</p>

<p>Seven Rings how? His Four Rings time dares to shake Six Rings Long Yue hardly. Let alone cultivates for already Five Rings now, overall strength has qualitative to leap.</p>

<p>second golden-colored Soul Ring shines, Tang Wulin whole body scales instantaneously was changing into the mirror surface shape.</p>

<p>„Bites!” Two resounding, Evil Soul Master Sharp Claws grasps in the Tang Wulin chest, another grasps on his arm.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that the air/Qi of two yin cold well up to drill generally to own within the body just like the spring, but his huge Golden Dragon King bloodline aura erupts instantaneously, blocked actually has not let that icy aura invasion.</p>

<p>That Evil Soul Master only thought that own pair of claws was similar to grasps above the sheet iron, then front this person of scales got up on glittering rapidly.</p>

<p>„Raises!” In the dragon roar sound, gigantic Golden-colored Dragon Head jumps to shoot from Tang Wulin both hands, at the same time, on him Third Soul Ring also along with it bright.</p>

<p>„Raises -” Frantic dragon roar resounds. That Evil Soul Master only thinks whole body one, within the body Qi and Blood as if not by galloping of Control. The next quarter, that Golden-colored Dragon Head arrived front.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Shocks the Heavens adds Tang Wulin Qi and Blood Soul Ring technique Golden Dragon Roars.</p>

<p>Facing Seven Rings cultivates for Evil Soul Master, Tang Wulin must fight a battle to force a quick decision, is good to help other companion, therefore he comes up not to have any to keep the hand.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Roars stops the skill, has strong Control strength. Especially when Martial Soul of match is Dragon-Type the effect is best.</p>

<p>This Evil Soul Master Martial Soul is not Dragon-Type, itself cultivates to be also higher than Tang Wulin. But present Tang Wulin was not four years ago he, he obtained that many dragon spirit(s) in addition to hold in Dragon Valley, thick of bloodline aura, surpassed the past. This Golden Dragon Roars shocks the audience, all Evil Soul Master speed are one slow, let alone near at hand.</p>

<p>However this Evil Soul Master strength also truly formidable, Golden Dragon Shocks the Heavens directly hits the flash of his body, although his person hit flying upside down, but also rapid reaction comes, Fifth Soul Ring ray of light dodges, then the whole person changed into one group of ash-gray mist unexpectedly, Golden Dragon Shocks the Heavens has put from that mist, cannot hit the reality.</p>

<p>Mist distant place condense, this Seven Rings Evil Soul Master was enraged again obviously, in the mouth sends out a keenly blowing, the body surroundings ash-gray mist suddenly becomes intense.</p>

<p>On him Three Soul Rings shines, purple Soul Ring in the sparkle, as if has strong bloody aura to greet the nostrils.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin only thought that brain dizziness, blood in within the body as if generally does not become by Control manic, as if must seize the body, but.</p>

<p>„Well!” This situation he is first time meets. Soul Skill of match as if can Control his blood.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin while surprised, cold snort! Qi and Blood misfortune, forcefully Control within the body blood. Whole body golden light (Jin Guang) puts greatly, receives the Soul Skill stimulation of opposite party, strength of reassignment his bloodline seemed to be easier for several points, the light golden-colored light fog reappears in body surroundings.</p>

<p>------------------------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>