<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="851">#851: terrorist attack</h2>
<p>The Tang Wulin forced smile said: „I and companion just came back from Academy military training. Has not gone to Academy with enough time, first came our Tang Sect, does not know that what happened!”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu looked at his one eyes, the sinking sound track: „Ten days ago, Heaven Dou City had terrorist attack, died many people. The Heaven Dou City administration official mansion was razed. The foreign announcement data died more than 1000 people, but in fact, over 4000 dead, the wounded crossed ten thousand.”</p>

<p>„?” Tang Wulin surprised opening mouth.</p>

<p>Heaven Dou City?</p>

<p>He still clearly remembers that Heaven Dou City Chief Executive shouldn't be Mo Lan elder sister's Father? Heaven Dou City encounters terrorist attack, moreover died these many people?</p>

<p>„That Heaven Dou City Administrative official?” Tang Wulin hurries to pursue asks.</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu sighed, „died at one's post. Attacks is too sudden, moreover does not have any omen. Altogether 60 5th Rank above Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell were detonated in the Heaven Dou City different places, has created the Heaven Dou City big disturbance. Then does not know fighter aircraft appear(ance) that from where comes sky over Heaven Dou City administration official mansion, has put in 9th Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell, has caused the biggest casualties. This matter has shocked entire Federation. Now Federation enters the 1st Rank garrison condition, dispatched the massive personnel to investigate thoroughly. Our Tang Sect Battle Soul Hall receives Federation War God Temple to invite, coordinates them, participates in the investigation together.”</p>

<p>Listened to the Guo Xiaoxu words, Tang Wulin to hold breath cold air, sudden that too this matter had, moreover was so a disaster. This reminded him of the North Sea Corps Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell robbed matter, hurried to say own in the discovery of North Sea Corps simply.</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu more listens to the brow more to wrinkle, „this we have not received the news. It seems like the military blocks off the flow of news. The North Sea Corps Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell warehouse was robbed perhaps is not a case! If some massive Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell flow out, that can be a catastrophe absolutely.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Knows which organization now is dry?”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu said: „Knew. Holy Spirit Cult announced that is responsible for this time terrorist attack.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin double fist grips tightly, „is Holy Spirit Cult.”</p>

<p>He more than once has had to do with this Evil Soul Master Sect, even barely escapes. Has not thought that actually once again heard had the news about Holy Spirit Cult. Moreover, this Holy Spirit Cult is intense.</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu said: „Recently for the six months, Holy Spirit Cult extremely madness initiated repeatedly terrorist attack. Has caused the massive loss. At the beginning, Federation also diligently wanted to press the matter, now had such big matter, could not suppress again. Has not thought that in the surface seems uneventful Federation, was corroded this degree unexpectedly.”</p>

<p>Listened to his expression to fill was discontented and angry, Tang Wulin asked: „Hall Master Guo, you meant, these terrorist attack with Federation itself related?”</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu sneers, „of course. How many Holy Spirit Cult can Evil Soul Master have? If no person in power's support. You think they can grow strong is so quick? Without a doubt, has the secret evil behind-the-scenes manipulator. Does not know that this secret evil behind-the-scenes manipulator himself is the Holy Spirit Cult person, has controlled the Holy Spirit Cult person. Behind Holy Spirit Cult has certainly deeper stage existence, we must dig as soon as possible them, otherwise, will only bring many panic. Listens to you to say today luckily, otherwise we have not known that the military also had problems unexpectedly.”</p>

<p>Is the Yellow Rank Battle Member process is very simple from the White Rank Battle Member promotion, Tang Wulin has shown One Word Battle Armor, has Guo Xiaoxu Qin Dian again, he has completed directly the promotion of own Battle Member rank, after exchanging a Yellow Rank Battle Member black robe and yellow mask, he thought immediately is more comfortable, at least will again enter Battle Soul Hall not to be caught up.</p>

<p>„Wulin, you come with me.” Guo Xiaoxu brought Tang Wulin to return to Battle Soul Hall.</p>

<p>„Now our Battle Soul Hall has continued many task from the Federation aspect, searches Holy Spirit Cult according to some clues. You and Holy Spirit Cult have battle experience. I thought that you can also participate in task. This to you is also an exercise. How is it? Is willing to join one to reconnoiter Squad?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin [say / way] without hesitation: „Duty-bound Responsibility.”</p>

<p>Regarding Holy Spirit Cult, he hates to the marrow of the bones, let alone this Holy Spirit Cult unexpectedly started terrorist attack to kill that many people. Except that wicked does good deeds.</p>

<p>Guo Xiaoxu has completed quickly to the arrangement of Tang Wulin, making him join five people of detection Squad. This Squad is led by Purple Rank Battle Member, including him, four Yellow Rank Battle Member.</p>

<p>According to the Tang Sect Battle Soul Hall interior system, Purple Rank Battle Member is Two Word Battle Armor Master. Yellow Rank Battle Member must have cultivation of One Word Battle Armor Master is, although the population are not many, but fighting strength was quite good.</p>

<p>Moreover, what making Tang Wulin pleasantly surprised is, because the situation is urgent, therefore this time all in view of Holy Spirit Cult searching task, Battle Member accumulated points doubles gives.</p>

<p>This is the big good deed, Battle Member accumulated points can receive in exchange for various resources in Battle Soul Hall absolutely, besides Tang Sect secret arts, various types of rare and precious good things.</p>

<p>For example, Heaven and Earth Treasure that ordinary Tang Sect Disciples can exchange little can see the Ten-thousand Years above rank, generally speaking, Thousand Years placed an upper limit on. But Battle Soul Hall here, has actually concentrated Tang Sect hugest resources, the thing that can exchange wants on not to know many times many. of course, ordinary Tang Sect accumulated points is not good, needs Battle Member accumulated points to exchange.</p>

<p>After all, Battle Soul Hall Battle Member is Tang Sect genuine Nucleus.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin now assault nine Golden Dragon King Seal not anything, resources that but assault following Golden Dragon King Seal, will need in the future even if now looks like by him, is the astronomical figures. Not only is Ten-thousand Years above Heaven and Earth Treasure, but also the quantity is huge. Was not three and four types can solve.</p>

<p>Even if he is close Saint Craftsman stage Blacksmith, felt that the pressure is very big.</p>

<p>He also wants cultivate, cannot the energy use, in forging changes money on, completed Tang Sect Battle Member task without doubt is the shortcut.</p>

<p>Meets the good taboo of this double accumulated points, how can let off?</p>

<p>task that Tang Wulin they receive is the searching Heaven Dou City western suburbs abandoning factory region. Completed the task standard to find the clues about Holy Spirit Cult, according to the reliable information, Holy Spirit Cult some people had appeared and disappeared in that side.</p>

<p>Before that piece abandons the factory , is used to produce rare metal(s), the area is big, afterward because of an explosion accident, causing the deleterious substance to divulge massively, has polluted that lands, therefore was abandoned. This pollution is very difficult to process, until now, the official have not drawn up the effective plan, therefore this lands have also been leaving unused.</p>

<p>Therefore, after receiving task, they also received have specifically been used to isolate the emission qualitative exposure suit. of course, regarding Soul Master, resists emission qualitative ability to by far strong the average person.</p>

<p>Is Purple Rank Battle Member of head stands in the forefront, looks to including Tang Wulin four Yellow Rank Battle Member, said: „Motion immediately starts, waits a minute everybody to debug contact. In this motion, my code number is Purple One, you separately are Yellow One, Yellow Two, Yellow Three and Yellow Four.”</p>

<p>He was saying, while is pointing at four people, what making Tang Wulin somewhat funny is, own is assigned as 3rd. Also is really and three has the fate. But turned into present Yellow Three that's all from original White Three.</p>

<p>„Our simple familiar, I am Assault System Battle Soul Master, you?” Purple One asked.</p>

<p>Yellow One said: „I am Agility System Battle Soul Master.”</p>

<p>Yellow Two said: „I am Cure System Battle Soul Master.” Listens to sounds/voices for the female, and young. Cure System Battle Soul Master can become the chair starts, moreover young, obviously is not very ordinary.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „Assault-Control System Battle Soul Master.”</p>

  </body>
</html>