<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="820">#820: Mating?</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin big mouth and big mouth is panting for breath. Has lived through finally, but for him, when Na'er punctures silver dragon spear the thorn pricks his chest, he at that time shocked and pain is simply beyond description.</p>

<p>Luckily, the firm faith and trust Na'er have defeated Nightmare. Was supports finally, may so, Na'er sounds/voices as if weeping and complaining still reverberate in his mind, made in his heart pain as before. Yes! own has disappointed eventually Na'er.</p>

<p>Then, at this time in dream in sober condition? Tang Wulin is not clear. Because Nightmare was really too real, the pain was also real existence.</p>

<p>In this time, Nightmare Old Devil is reappearing slowly before him.</p>

<p>„Very surprisedly?” Nightmare Old Devil teased looks at Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin complexion sinks to congeal, to this, he really does not have the means to have the respect now again.</p>

<p>„My companion? They where?” Everybody can gather, many will be better.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil said: „Do not worry, was quick you to see them. But you need to do something for me, if you cannot achieve, the consequence will be very serious.”</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin eyebrow selects, „what matter?”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil said: „of course is the difficulties matter, is inferior to this, I make you have a look at the consequence first.”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, his right hand wields gently, a illusory picture takes shape gradually.</p>

<p>„Has saying that your Spiritual Strength is very good, and willpower is firm. Can such quickly work loose from my Nightmare, at least two Hundred Year come, you should be quickest. This is very good, but, I am very unsatisfied. Since the dreamland is unable to make you feel the genuine pain, cannot let your Mental Breakdown. Then, we trade real slighting the law. I manage him to be called, Heart of People Test.”</p>

<p>The picture presents, inside is divided into three parts, each part is a cavern, in the cavern, has two people respectively.</p>

<p>In a first cavern, impressively is Xu Lizhi and Xu Xiaoyan, a second cavern is Ye Xinglan and Xie Xie, in the third cavern is Le Zhengyu and Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>Each cavern is not big, seems has several square meters appearance. Above the cavern is hanging pink photosphere, inside has the mist to fill the air faintly.</p>

<p>„Saw? They are very good. of course, is only the present.” The smiling face on Nightmare Old Devil face is very strange, strange hysteria.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin lets somebody cool off or calm down visits him, „are you how is it?”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil said: „You looked at the pink mist in their room. Through the understanding their dreamland, they should be three pairs. Then, I analyze them, places in a room separately. But that pink mist, is most intense that I can find in view of the medicine of men and women, regardless of human and animals, so long as smelled that mist, the matter that can handle has one,”</p>

<p>Here, he hit a sound to refer, [say / way] that then smiled: „Mating!”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin stared in a big way the eye, warm-blooded instantaneous above, „I spelled with you!” His fierce one step goes forward, a fist goes to the Nightmare Old Devil head bang.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil body illusory, the one of the fist of Tang Wulin from him puts on. Next quarter, he already appear(ance) another side of Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Kid, do not impulse. Do you want to make me open that three types of mist now?” Nightmare Old Devil wields, the three groups of pink mist in picture start to ripple immediately.</p>

<p>„Does not want!” Tang Wulin both hands closely grip the fist, because is angry, the nail pricked the palm.</p>

<p>This was too fearful, the intense sense of fear arises spontaneously. His of course knows after that mist was released, what happened. That is an absolute disaster.</p>

<p>Three pairs of lovers exchange, was made anything by that dense fog infection, this simply killing them was crueler.</p>

<p>„You very much want certainly to say. Your here is military training, why must such do, is right?” Nightmare Old Devil shrugs the arm, asked to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin breath shortness, both eyes are red, maliciously is looking steadily at him. He had realized that this Devil Island, is not simple.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil sighed, said: „Actually, all imagine complex many compared with you. First I must tell you am, my age, had 1764 years old.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin one dull, over 1700 years old? What concept is this? Even if most formidable Titled Douluo and Limit Douluo, is very difficult to live 300 years old.</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil said: „You think that I do want to become such old? I do not think that but I do not have the means. I want dead am not easy. Said accurately that I am not Humanity. But is a wisp of ghost on Devil Island. This islands, are no longer existence, because of the arrival of devil(s), lets its appear(ance). But at that time, did not have that many Sea Soul Beast in this sea area.”</p>

<p>„devil(s) is that purple-red ray of light that you see, on Devil Island, is biggest fragment(s). We called it Devil Fragment(s), called Ruin Fragment(s). Each islands on Devil Islands have such together fragment(s). At that time, when these fragment(s) fell into sea, I just with several friends here fish. We are just the average people. To keep a family.”</p>

<p>„That terrifying strength has torn into shreds our fishing boat directly, has torn into shreds our bodies. Ignorant, has not known how long, I had suddenly discovered that I lived. Starting from that time, I turned into Nightmare. Became this person of non- person and ghost not ghost appearance. We are here part, but is actually not able to leave here. Then we such lonely life.”</p>

<p>„Outside person, if enters here, is unable to survive. Only if in you at present valley. But this is our places, the bystander is impossible to come. Until one day, your Shrek Academy older generation arrived here. He is very formidable, formidable by that time we are unmatchable. Here, he and we have fought for a long time, finally, caused heavy losses by Ruin Fragment(s) strength. But he before departure, said to us that makes him obtain benefits with our fights a great deal. He hopes that in the future his later generation can also come here to gain experience. Here, we were really too lonely, therefore, we complied with his request.”</p>

<p>„To you, arrived here is to teach especially. But to us is actually not true, you are only our toys. Soon before, we can grasp Ruin Fragment(s) origin strength finally. Did not need to fear your Shrek Academy anything. Therefore , our these Old Devil heads, can let loose have done let our own happy matter. Although cannot leave here, but based on this, is in us to control. Rattles on! The boys, you accept fate, only blames your lives not being good strangely.”</p>

<p>Listens to the Nightmare Old Devil words, the heart of Tang Wulin to sink to the valley gradually. All are more fearful than the imagination.</p>

<p>His fierce bites the tip of tongue, lets the own sober several points with the aid of the stabbing pain that the tip of tongue transmits as far as possible, „Nightmare Old Devil, you want to make me make anything, is willing to let off my companions.”</p>

<p>Nightmare Old Devil smiles, „military training, that of course was the command prompt listens to direct. I have gotten down the Nightmare curse on you, do not want to flee my Control. So long as I think that momentarily can kill you. I know that you possibly do not fear death, do these you but who you see at present fear? After I let they have the relations, certainly will not kill their, I will give Shrek Academy these contents, sends back them. Oh, thinks to feel that quite excited, at that time, you said that what Shrek Academy can be feels? Is very interesting?”</p>

<p>The heart of Tang Wulin somewhat shivered, „you make me be any me to comply, do not let that mist dispersing, otherwise I will make trouble will not let off your.”</p>

  </body>
</html>