<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="785">#785: Peak Thousand Refinements</h2>
<p>Because Heavy Silver his a pair of forging hammer speed is too quick, had been hammered the shade to cover unexpectedly. This time Tang Wulin to the feeling of person likely is not Blacksmith, but is more like a carver, seems cautiously is carving that metal(s).</p>

<p>Because is familiar, therefore is easier to control. Tang Wulin forging arrived at receiving and dispatching by the degree of heart. Wish lets together the display of rare metal(s) genuine its oneself completely properties, even said that makes its own be promoted, entrusted with Life. Then, must first maintain its properties originally, cannot have any injury.</p>

<p>In the past all forging way (of life) were the direct dispelling impurity and refining. But in fact, looks like in Tang Wulin, metal(s) itself has Life, even if Life has not entrusted with before Spirit Refinement also same has. Each rare metal(s) own is the body, in the refining mixed qualitative time, the thump will strike to damage its internal structure vigorously inevitably. Although behind will let its to become strong through various way (of life), may in fact, when most origin, actually cannot his refining to Peak.</p>

<p>Therefore, wants together good of rare metal(s) forging, from the beginning must carve, must going refining cautiously.</p>

<p>For example, if in meridians of human body has the impurity, the extrusion of effort can push the impurity. Because overstrain likely lets meridians appear(ance) certain damage. But if with gentler way (of life), opening bit by bit, then washes out with pure blood cleanly, the impurity has removed, meridians was unobstructed, itself also perfect.</p>

<p>Before Tang Wulin present forging , the different places also lie in this. He very carefully Control in the forging process own Spirit Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer, careful is combing Heavy Silver, when each rap, quietly pours into own bloodline aura to go. Let this Heavy Silver be able a better feeling his own aura.</p>

<p>By his present strength, if brandished a hammer to pound, Heavy Silver turned into the metal(s) cake directly, his Spirit Refinement can Heavy Silver Hammer unable to withstand is very difficult to say.</p>

<p>This is also he when the important reason that forging must be careful.</p>

<p>This time he completely immersed, Hundred Refinements purification that should rapidly complete, he has used enough three times of time, completes to comb. If can survey at this time carefully will discover that similarly is Hundred Refinements purification, Tang Wulin with Heavy Silver that this method purification comes out, in fact the volume be bigger than the normal condition. In other words, normal purification to exit some good thing also refining, but he does not have.</p>

<p>Mu Chen vision brilliant looks at Tang Wulin each movement, in the eye is revealing the gratified color.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin present hammer method is not he teaches, similarly is not Feng Wuyu teaches. This is his own hammer method, own Creation comes out.</p>

<p>Although Tang Sect Disorder Splitting Wind Hammer Method is good, but too violence, is too strong to metal(s) destructiveness. Although can forging have very good effect, but wants difficultly further actually.</p>

<p>Without a doubt, Tang Wulin found was own the road of forging. Moreover is going forward with steady steps.</p>

<p>Has used time of quarter, suddenly, radiant silver light selects for promotion together.</p>

<p>When that silver light appear(ance), in Forging Room obviously has even resounded dragon roar. That said that silver light soars to the heavens just like the flood dragon generally.</p>

<p>Thousand Refinements Gains Spirit!</p>

<p>But, normal Thousand Refinements Gains Spirit can raise five feet quite to be shocking, but Tang Wulin this silver light actually raised had a zhang (3.33 m) surplus fully, skyrocketed . Moreover the swing brandished, looked like Silver Dragon is waving against the wind.</p>

<p>Mu Xi stared in a big way the eye, she was also 6th Rank Blacksmith, but she actually can definitely affirm that own cannot achieve Tang Wulin absolutely now this point.</p>

<p>„Peak!” Mu Chen muttered said two characters.</p>

<p>Yes, Tang Wulin has achieved Peak Heavy Silver Thousand Refinements, the matter that metal(s) Thousand Refinements can achieve together has achieved most peak.</p>

<p>Let alone was Mu Xi, even if were Mu Chen own, has not grasped can achieve this point. Perhaps has Divine Craftsman Zhen Hua.</p>

<p>forging needs strength, but strength uses are more, does not control on exceed easily. Mu Chen impossible to rely on strength of wrist to carry on forging like Tang Wulin merely. Because his strength is insufficient, if uses Soul Power directly, involves the Control issue similarly, was inferior that pure strength is more controllable.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin yes, his strength already had exceeded obviously 100,000 jin (0.5 kg), even if only strength of wrist is also extremely fearful. From forging now, his Soul Power has not used, but has used the strength of bloodline slightly, what are more is relying on pure strength. Can so carve together Heavy Silver forging to this degree.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, a pair of Heavy Silver Hammer with that silver light raises, but launches by the body. His eyes also becomes bright.</p>

<p>In both hands Heavy Silver Hammer in the airborne arc, does not wait for that silver light to fall, his Heavy Silver Hammer once more has wielded.</p>

<p>Two ray of light also fall, pounds on Thousand Refinements Heavy Silver, sent out compared with formerly the bright many sounds.</p>

<p>At this time looks at that Heavy Silver again, above has close cloud pattern. cloud pattern is in itself sending out brilliantly, the halo circulation, looked like changed metal(s).</p>

<p>Tang Wulin no longer with strength of wrist, after the Thousand Refinements Gains Spirit Peak refining process, this Heavy Silver internal structure had been combed completely, does not know that was harder than many times before. Also can withstand Tang Wulin strength finally.</p>

<p>eyes is bright, the spiritual world launches completely, Tang Wulin Spiritual Strength starts to swarm, with own a pair of forging hammer gentle injection to this Heavy Silver.</p>

<p>Spiritual Strength and Qi and Blood fuse. The Mu Chen ear moves, he hears obviously, this Heavy Silver every time by the Tang Wulin rap time, Heavy Silver itself will send out the slight(ly) dragon roar sound. Its above cloud pattern also meets appear(ance) adjustment slightly.</p>

<p>Soul Power pours into, Spiritual Strength pours into! Tang Wulin started the Spirit Refinement most important process, the Life inspiration.</p>

<p>Spirit Refinement and Thousand Refinements biggest difference is the intelligence, together the rare metal(s) intelligence is without a doubt fuller, its exceed is valuable.</p>

<p>Most five 6th Rank Blacksmith, do not have the means to guarantee that own each forging certainly can complete Spirit Refinement.</p>

<p>But Tang Wulin, even Mu Xi, because they are the 6th Rank Blacksmith outstanding people, not only their goals 6th Rank.</p>

<p>But Mu Xi actually felt that Tang Wulin Spirit Refinement and own are entirely different, his summon way (of life) consumes to be much bigger than own. Soul Power pours into normally, Spiritual Strength that but he releases were too probably many, moreover indistinct also has other things. That dragon roar sound is the certificate. Normally, at least in this stage should not appear(ance) this special sound.</p>

<p>This can only mean that a matter, that was Tang Wulin own feeds in raw material in the forging process.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin very steady is wielding own Spirit Refinement Heavy Silver Hammer, like formerly was not dexterous, but did not seem that heavy like before. Is a normal hammer hammer wields falls. Falls above that Heavy Silver.</p>

<p>silver cloud pattern on Heavy Silver distorts gradually, from turns into the distortion smoothly, is indistinct, with injection of Tang Wulin Soul Power, it starts to have rhythm halo to fluctuate.</p>

<p>Did this start the Gains Spirit nature? Too quick!</p>

<p>With formerly Hundred Refinements and Thousand Refinements slow compared with, Tang Wulin the astonishment of Spirit Refinement speed block, at least lets Mu Xi surprised grinning with ear to ear.</p>

<p>If she, Spirit Refinement this process, even if uses most common rare metal(s), at least must nearly one hour be able to complete, searches to observe together the rare metal(s) Life strength, and is not easy its stimulation. But this time Tang Wulin has not completed Spirit Refinement, but metal(s), since already appear(ance) intelligence Transformation, naturally means that Spirit Refinement will soon complete.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>