<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="863">#863: Dual cycle</h2>
<p>Since continuously, Tang Wulin bloodline energy, although is formidable, but actually needs to eat massive food as the supplement, whenever uses time, will consume massively, once consumes completely, he will also fall into the weak condition.</p>

<p>The renewal may this time feeling actually start most quickly becomes different, that surge turbulent bloodline energy starts a take shape marvelous circulation in his skin surface, this circulation and circulation of Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power in channels does not conflict mutually, instead in originally existence channels strength of slowly absorb some bloodline to skin surface layer.</p>

<p>Under the skin is of force circulation bloodline, in channels is the Soul Power circulation, when this two strip in unceasing Transformation, some strange reaction also started appear(ance).</p>

<p>First is, Tang Wulin the ratio of Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power operation was smoother before, runs speed to start to speed up obviously, the Soul Power vortex revolution is even more smooth, in the process of High-speed revolving, the vortex most under acme starts to have some clear ray of light glittering,</p>

<p>Then after is the strength of bloodline was separated alone, the revolution also similarly becomes smooth, what is more important, in generating process, strength of take shape bloodline a marvelous circulation, manic gradually becomes affable, meanwhile indistinctly has bloodline aura to promote continually. When looks like cultivate Soul Power Soul Power will grow is the same.</p>

<p>Two circulations from initial jerky to transfers gradually round pleasant, the two as if mutually do not disturb, but each other also has the subtle relation, one outside, one in *** Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power of department grows continually, the strength of exterior bloodline is vigorous, just like long stream grand river rolling unconsciously.</p>

<p>Nine Golden Dragon King Seal indistinct fluctuation that broken leave golden-colored halo, is consolidating the bloodline aura circulation of his outside body, making Tang Wulin have the feeling of being reborn.</p>

<p>In his spiritual world, he also similarly feels that golden-colored Mighty Dragon as if soars, baseless conjecture on his spiritual sea, from Dragon's Head to Dragon's Tail, altogether nine golden light (Jin Guang) ray of light glittering, ominous prestige illustrious. That is terrifying aura beyond description, as if must all break open the entire world.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin also first time feels to come from the stubbornness in Golden Dragon King energy, that stubbornness, dominates in all above, dominates in the feeling of head of myriad life form. As if all should submit to before it, before is not, that deep sleep feeling.</p>

<p>In his sensation, Golden Dragon King bloodline in within the body as if lived, genuine changed into Golden Dragon King, has greatly able to move unhindered opens and closes, the indignance of looking disdainfully world, even there are to plant to run out of the feeling of his body.</p>

<p>In this moment, even if no explanation of Old Tang, Tang Wulin also finally understands why Old Tang will say, Seal Golden Dragon King bloodline 18 Seal latter nine and front nine were entirely different.</p>

<p>Compared with Golden Dragon King how Golden Dragon King of deep sleep can with consciousness, wants to continue energy in absorb Golden Dragon King Seal in the future, as if must yield this Golden Dragon King be gradually good, danger that these must face, what kind terrifying.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin holds breath cold air, heart has the intimacy. However, he can also feel obviously, compared with Golden Dragon King latter nine Seal and front nine, wanted not to have the several fold obviously solid. In other words, he wants to break through following Seal very difficulties, but similarly, energy in that Seal wants to also similarly very difficulties.</p>

<p>Words as the matter stands, will at least give him not the small opportunity. Has sufficient preparation time.</p>

<p>After Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power and Golden Dragon King bloodline energy revolves 49 sidereal revolutions, respective return. Mysterious Heaven Skill Soul Power condenses in Soul Power vortex in Dantian, but the strength of that Golden Dragon King bloodline finally condenses in the Tang Wulin chest locates, as if also changed into vortex, golden-colored vortex, but this vortex in his chest surface.</p>

<p>Sits even can see in people who by the table eats meal that the Tang Wulin chest place has shone, golden-colored halo are blooming from there outward, the clothes somewhat cannot block.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin aura also in the unceasing promotion, he is Five Rings Soul King, the people present all are one generation of big energies, but these positions can actually be able to feel greatly, transmits from him oppresses the strength, that of course possibly is not the oppression on Soul Power, but came from the pressure in bloodline.</p>

<p>„This boy of bloodline aura, but must above you! I refer to is not energy in bloodline, but is bloodline origin aura.” In the Zhen Hua eye is greatly bright, said to Mu Ye.</p>

<p>Mu Ye also looks the strange color, „I can feel that has not thought that his bloodline can also evolve unexpectedly continually, I think that his bloodline was opened by me completely, now looks like, just just started that's all. Present he, is genuine shows oneself really me the time. bloodline aura becomes the circulation, was interesting.”</p>

<p>Excessive Love (passionate) Douluo Zang Xin both eyes narrow the eyes, mutter the tunnel: „Becoming the circulation, this means that his bloodline aura has the possibility like Soul Power, condense becomes is similar to Soul Nucleus existence. In the Tang Sect ancient book, but also never has Soul Master appear(ance) such situation. On this child, actually part of bloodline belongs to Soul Beast? You should know that cultivates Soul Beast cultivate to Ten-thousand Years for later, may leave to belong to Soul Beast Soul Nucleus in within the body condense, their Soul Nucleus are more came from in bloodline, with the difference of our Soul Master. Once the Soul Beast death, this Soul Nucleus will change into Soul Ring, most formidable or special Soul Nucleus, will also affect their skeletons, thus appear(ance) Soul Bone.”</p>

<p>Zhen Hua suddenly serious to Zang Xin and various humanity on the scene: „Numerous positions, I have a request, hopes that the numerous positions can keep secret for my this Master Nephew, I do not hope that he was taken away by Federation, treats as test sample.”</p>

<p>Zang Xin shows a faint smile, „this you have considered thoroughly actually, has changed others or possible, he is not good. He is our Tang Sect person, not only that also will be our Tang Sect must enter the Worshipped palace in the future even is the Douluo Hall successor. Let alone, do not forget, he is one of the Present Generation Shrek Seven Monsters. Will Shrek Academy allow some people to treat as test sample with him?”</p>

<p>At the same time was saying, his vision seems very natural on the scene has swept from Spirit Transferring Pagoda and War God Temple several faces, does not have any imposing manner to bloom obviously, but that several are actually in the heart imposing. Without a doubt, Zang Xin these words representative is not his own, but is entire Tang Sect.</p>

<p>„You also leaked said that he was also our Innate Body Sect person, was my being in direct line disciple.” Mu Ye somewhat proud saying.</p>

<p>Zang Xin shot a look at his one eyes, gave a calm smile, not to say anything again.</p>

<p>Said honestly, some Mu Ye headaches, he even somewhat angry stared Zhen Hua one, if not Zhen Hua Dragon Blood Wine, Tang Wulin is also insufficient to expose so in front of these many Elite, this exposition, is without a doubt disadvantageous to him. He is thinking with any means that can turn in the future Tang Wulin, becomes Innate Body Sect successor Sect Master. Because Tang Wulin cultivates to now also fall far short, he does not have worries. But he stares at now by Zang Xin, naturally entered the Tang Sect high-level field of vision, Zang Xin formerly had given him Tang Sect Ice and Fire Mark, let alone also discovers on him now special location. Later wanted to strive for his difficulties.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua is actually the innocent appearance, in the heart is actually very happy, own this Master Nephew just like hidden dragon in deep pool, once runs out, likely soars. What is rarer, this child temperament is stable, grows along with the age, not only not arrogant, instead was calmer. In his heart truly also somewhat regretted, if presents not to have War God Temple and Spirit Transferring Pagoda these today, was naturally better.</p>

<p>The people liquor over three patrol, Tang Wulin grows the tone finally, has opened both eyes slowly.</p>

<p>Within the body aura restrains, all changed normal, that flash when but his eyes opened, the people clearly saw, in his eyes, the bright flashed through.( To be continued..)</p>

<p>The quickest renewal correct novel read, please visit</p>

<p>Please collect the home station to read the newest novel!</p>

  </body>
</html>