<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="881">#881: Daddy</h2>
<p>Restores Soul Power, pours into Soul Power for her, restores again, pours into again......</p>

<p>Thus and such and such after several times, Tang Wulin starts to feel gradually that Gu Yue aura became concentrates to be solid. This is the good phenomenon, showed that own injects the Soul Power procedure to have the effect.</p>

<p>Weather dark, night arrived.</p>

<p>Day gradually has shone, is a day of daybreak.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is Gu Yue has back and forth poured into seven Soul Power, unceasing cultivate and injection, making him be utterly exhausted.</p>

<p>After eighth time pours into Soul Power, Tang Wulin feels that Gu Yue aura was basically normal, but the human has not awaked, is dragging the exhausted body, he re-enters the meditation condition.</p>

<p>Soul Power revolves, after having Soul Power vortex, his Soul Power restores speed obviously before be much quicker . After a double-hour, Soul Power restores, the exhausted feeling also reduced.</p>

<p>But when Tang Wulin opens both eyes, sees is actually the big eye of near at hand a pair of purple. Because is too sudden, frightened her to jump, nearly walked to miss the air/Qi. Within the body Soul Power vortex prompt reaction came luckily, tows Soul Power to return to normal.</p>

<p>„Frightens me to jump. You awake!” Looks at front Gu Yue, Tang Wulin pants for breath several talents to stabilize one after another lives in the mind, but quick was replaced by the joy.</p>

<p>Gu Yue animated sitting before him, the upper body also wears his clothes. Having no way that her original that coat damaged wanted, Tang Wulin closes one's eyes to her changes the own clothes. This process on said for the bystander insufficient.</p>

<p>Wears his clothes, somewhat is obviously spacious. Gu Yue sits in him opposite, winked the big eye. Her eye pupil is quite limpid, seems looks like two Wang Qingche Tanshui is common, is producing an inverted image the Tang Wulin appearance.</p>

<p>„Gu Yue?” Tang Wulin was probing calling out.</p>

<p>Gu Yue has smiled suddenly, she was beautiful, this smiles, Tang Wulin that immediately looks is in a daze.</p>

<p>„Daddy.”</p>

<p>„Puff passes!” Just sat Tang Wulin of straight body, directly toward side but actually.</p>

<p>His rapid sits sets out, dumbfounded looks at Gu Yue, „what did you and you call me?”</p>

<p>Because Gu Yue as if he throws down somewhat is also surprised, extends act , holds on his sleeve, the thumb of another hand squeezes in the own mouth to hold, twittering [say / way]: „Daddy.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin both eyes turn, nearly faints, this what situation?</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, no joking. You......”</p>

<p>„Daddy......” Gu Yue also called one, is only this summon actually obviously somewhat suffering from injustice flavor, in the a pair of attractive purple big eye, the instantaneous mist fills the air, as if the next quarter must burst into tears.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>How this saw that likely is not disguises!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin has rubbed the brow of own, „do not cry and not cry. You make me static, I think.”</p>

<p>Gu Yue is flat the mouth, looks at Tang Wulin, both hands grabs his sleeves to swing swung, „Daddy, I am hungry.”</p>

<p>Shrek Academy perishes, in the Tang Wulin original heart has filled sorrowfully, but makes Gu Yue these Daddy shout that at this time, he even continually sorrowfully temporarily forgot.</p>

<p>„Good, I make the point to eat to you.” Tang Wulin has stabilized the own mind reluctantly, hurries to say.</p>

<p>He is bringing storage ring, but as a glutton, in his storage ring will not always lack food.</p>

<p>Takes out some dry rations to give Gu Yue, Gu Yue receives on the big mouth and big mouth has eaten. However, her expression obvious some are unsatisfied, eats, while was mumbling, „was not delicious, is not delicious.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is also helpless, this dry rations possibly are too how delicious!</p>

<p>Looks that Gu Yue are obviously more than before does not know many various vivid facial expressions, he awakens gradually.</p>

<p>Was she loses recalls? But, lost had recalled why she does want to manage me to call Daddy?</p>

<p>„Gu Yue, why did you call me Daddy?” Tang Wulin is probing asking.</p>

<p>Gu Yue somewhat at a loss visits him, „first sees, is, Daddy.” Her sounds/voices speaks in an infantile tone of voice, even somewhat did not enunciate clear. But said very earnestly.</p>

<p>first does see is Daddy? Isn't this rule of animal kingdom?</p>

<p>Facing having Na'er look Gu Yue, he has a lot of questions, at this time cannot ask.</p>

<p>Gu Yue has eaten the dry rations, seemed full, but not too satisfactory appearance, „Daddy, was not delicious. I want to eat delicious.”</p>

<p>„Good, I try to find the solution.” The Tang Wulin forced smile said.</p>

<p>Gu Yue immediately excited is hugging his arm, the head by his shoulder, full is the appearance of dependence.</p>

<p>All around the Tang Wulin standing body, has the energy to pay attention at this time. This is big forest of cover, cannot look at the feeling of boundary greatly. In the ground does not have the artificial opening up wasteland trace, everywhere is tall Guo the vegetation. Life aura is very rich, but indistinct, he can also feel some dangerous feelings.</p>

<p>Actually is this where?</p>

<p>If all are not the dreams, at that time own should be Gu Yue together by the High Rank Fixed Installed Soul Guidance Artillery Shell bang, then woke on bewildered appear(ance) in this place.</p>

<p>Ok, walks one step to look at one step, since is forest, always should be able to walk to be right.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin has patted the hand of Gu Yue, is holding her hand, walks toward forest.</p>

<p>The left hand draws Gu Yue, the right hand is sweeping away the opening with Golden Dragon Spear in front. Insufficient, quick Tang Wulin discovered that Golden Dragon Spear is unnecessary.</p>

<p>Strange saying that in this big forest, surroundings all vegetation as if has felt the warm feelings to him, everywhere one visit, these grass, Vine! Will separate unexpectedly voluntarily, gives him the making way circuit. Walks to be smooth.</p>

<p>This outcome what's the matter? Although own Martial Soul two times awaken became Blue Silver Emperor, before can, as if not so obvious.</p>

<p>Because of own Fifth Soul Ring? That Child of Nature?</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin stops the footsteps, feels surroundings nature aura with rapt attention.</p>

<p>Really, he can clear from numerous Plant, feels very kind feeling. As if they to him were asking that seems.</p>

<p>If here cultivate, will be certainly twice the result with half the effort.</p>

<p>What a pity, this time Tang Wulin point wants the cultivate thought not to have, he only wants quickly to exit, examines the Shrek City situation, seeks for the companion trail, then cures Gu Yue, clarifies her situation.</p>

<p>Meets the big change suddenly, he now very somewhat feeling of mind completely exhausted.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, he turns head to have a look to follow in Gu Yue, has her, he felt better. If only a own person, perhaps will be only more painful.</p>

<p>„Daddy.” Gu Yue sees him to look to own, immediately smiles to him sweetly.</p>

<p>A [say / way] of Tang Wulin face forced smile: „Can do not call me Daddy, do you know that you one such called me, I had goose flesh. This is really......”</p>

<p>Gu Yue digs the mouth immediately, in beautiful pupil tears glistening, suffering from injustice [say / way]: „Didn't Daddy want me?”</p>

<p>„I......”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is helpless, „, has not had. of course wanted you, clever, you are willing to call to call.”</p>

<p>„Daddy, hugs.” Gu Yue stretches out the arms to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin speechless, Gu Yue excitedly has actually swooped, looks like eight claw fish is ordinary, hangs on him.</p>

<p>A silver long hair flies upwards, in mouth exudes the euphonious laughter.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin but, can only be hand cradling her outstanding buttocks, Gu Yue also in he cherishes rubbing to rub, Tang Wulin this that rubs called a pent-up anger ascension also to have no alternative.</p>

<p>The Gu Yue both arms are hugging the neck of Tang Wulin, the head by his shoulder, has filled the dependent flavor.</p>

<p>But in the Tang Wulin heart changes into the tender feelings, gently is stroking her long hair, has not made her get down, such is holding her, at the same time stand forth. Gu Yue this body weight, for him of course was not anything.</p>

<p>-----------------------------</p>

<p>Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.</p>

  </body>
</html>