<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="855">#855: formidable</h2>
<p>After Tang Wulin ejects Golden Dragon Spear, immediately stimulates to movement Golden Dragon Soars, arrived at the side of that huge Skeleton head directly, the right hand has wielded outrageously.</p>

<p>Five Daoist priests reach seven meters dark-gold blade edge glow to dodge not to have, from one side dividing maliciously on that huge Skeleton. ear-piercing chaffing sound and to shatter sound along with it resounding. time, the green light scatters in all directions to flutter about, innumerable brilliance suddenly to launch.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin both arms protect alternately before the body, the golden-colored halo gable lives in the body of own, a nose oven falls to the ground. Simultaneously a right hand move, [gold/metal] flies to shoot to return together, falls starts, establishes the distinguished merit impressively Golden Dragon Spear.</p>

<p>Let alone Yellow One, Yellow Two and Yellow Four, even if Purple One, staying that at this time also looked.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin from the eruption to chopping into pieces that Skeleton head, the entire process is just several times breathes time. Then brought Skeleton of huge puzzle to them on such to shatter. Simply is inconceivable.</p>

<p>„Walks quickly!” Tang Wulin gave a loud shout, shakes awoke people. The people hurry to dash about wildly to come, ran out of the factory district with him.</p>

<p>Strange saying that left the factory district, that terrifying pressure vanished without the trace immediately. Behind does not have the enemy to pursue unexpectedly.</p>

<p>Purple One waves the arms about, Tang Sect Combat Car flies to shoot, his vertical leaps, boards, the people also drill into the car(riage). The accelerator, leads their lightning to fly to shoot instantaneously generally, speeds away to go toward the old route.</p>

<p>In factory district.</p>

<p>The form reappears together quietly in the distant place, seems is already the 40-year-old middle-aged person, body glittering two yellow, two purple, three black Seven Soul Rings. The right hand is grasping handle jet black staff, staff above has green light fog take shape photosphere.</p>

<p>This time he, complexion seems is very ugly and gloomy.</p>

<p>„Broke my Biting Demon Skeleton unexpectedly. Perhaps the Tang Sect person will come quickly, could not attend to other, immediately collects all ghosts that can collect, we left immediately.”</p>

<p>„Yes!” surroundings flies a big piece of dense and numerous Skeleton head, in the eye pupil of each Skeleton head glittering green flame, but these Skeleton want slightly were many, their rapid flies to shoot to go toward all around.</p>

<p>Tang Sect Combat Car High-speed goes, people Battle Armor of flashes through with flowing light takes back vanishes in abundance to within the body does not see.</p>

<p>Yellow Four cannot bear surprised looks at Tang Wulin, „Yellow Three, do you achieve? A moment ago that simply was too graceful. Unexpectedly directly that Skeleton making blasting. heavens! You were too simply good.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „It is not I am fierce, is that Skeleton you have not imagined is so strong.”</p>

<p>Purple One had just completed the report to General Headquarters at this time, after leaving the factory region, the communication immediately became normal. Listened to the Tang Wulin words, he turned head, asked to Tang Wulin: „Said that is what situation?”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin said: „At that time these weeping sound appear(ance) time. We had not discovered that anybody's trail, this means that weeping sound is not the Life body sends out. Some time ago, I just had seen some strange situations. Therefore, I bold guess, these weeping sounds come from resentful spirit(s), resentful spirit(s) in this factory.”</p>

<p>„According to our task, our time carries out the task goal factory, had had the major accident, deleterious substance revelation, certainly dying many people. The person who then, these were driven to death after suffering an injustice has possibility take shape resentful spirit(s). These resentful spirit(s) should naturally vanish, but if after handling of person with high aspirations, they long-time existence will perhaps get down. For example Evil Soul Master!”</p>

<p>„Therefore, when we are unable to discover when weeping sound origin, I am then bold the judgment am resentful spirit(s), originally the factory died resentful spirit(s) of these people. Later illusion, should also be these resentful spirit(s) inspires.”</p>

<p>„Control resentful spirit(s) needs Spiritual Strength obviously, moreover is very huge Spiritual Strength. We the enemy do not know where hides. To run out of the tight encirclement, must first solve enemy's Control to resentful spirit(s), therefore I used that sounds/voices Soul Skill, in the roaring sound, the sound wave added on spiritual dual to frighten really to let resentful spirit(s) appear(ance) short out-of-control, therefore we can run out outward. Then comes that huge Skeleton head, the itself attack strength is very strong, but I noted at that time, had many halo collections under it in the past, frightened our resentful spirit(s) to be very similar to before. Therefore, I guessed again that the energy source of that giant Skeleton head is resentful spirit(s) in factory. If I guessed that correct, then, hides the enemy in hidden place is very possible not to have us to imagine I formidable, he borrowed resentful spirit(s) in factory, will therefore become that strong.”</p>

<p>Here, Tang Wulin has stopped, „is in itself not strong, Skeleton that he released naturally likely had the flaw in the defense aspect. I used this to fire in bursts the attack, after interrupted first resentful spirit(s) input has ruined it. When we clash later not to have pursuing troops appear(ance), should verify my guess. Hides the enemy in hidden place is not truly formidable, beside the factory, he not necessarily is our matches.”</p>

<p>Listened to Tang Wulin analysis, in Tang Sect Combat Car suddenly became peaceful.</p>

<p>Long time, drives Purple One to say slowly that „really what you enter with us is a factory?” When said these words, in his sounds/voices some distinct anguished flavors.</p>

<p>He is this line of Captain, is, when facing the danger, he actually cannot discover that the enemy genuine goal and assessed at that time the situation. If were not Tang Wulin has given the correct judgment, and at crucial moments strove to turn the tide. They likely fell into there.</p>

<p>Yellow One, Yellow Two and Yellow Four also likely are looked that Monster looks at Tang Wulin generally.</p>

<p>fighting strength is an aspect, this analysis ability was really too fearful.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin scratches the head, in the heart actually somewhat thinks otherwise, he thought these that own makes are very normal! Will these companions so be why surprised?</p>

<p>His of course does not know, passed through Devil Island after a series of teaches especially, he became with before is different, power of observation and adapting ability, degree of firmness wait / etc.. All stage of far ultra average person, even if Tang Sect Battle Member is also same. Towering that reveals accidentally, sufficiently shocked companion.</p>

<p>After Tang Sect Combat Car enters the urban district, stopped, waits for subsidiary troops' arrival. time is not long, appear(ance) that two Black Rank Battle Member are quietly.</p>

<p>They and Purple One exchanged simply, Purple One said the judgment of Tang Wulin, he has not snatched the merit, narrated then situation completely realistically.</p>

<p>Two Black Rank Battle Member applauses after looking at Tang Wulin, immediately vanishes in the dim light of night.</p>

<p>„Why do we go now? Purple One.” Yellow One asked to Purple One.</p>

<p>Purple One said: „Here waits. After waiting for the result to come out, returns again. Also is good to determine whether we have completed task. Everybody tired has been able rest a while in the car(riage), I am responsible for the value defending.”</p>

<p>He in shocking in Tang Wulin ability simultaneously, in the heart also fills guilty. If not striving to turn the tide of Tang Wulin. Perhaps this time they lost in a big way . Moreover the aspect of likely being annihilated. If so, as the team leader, he can hardly absolve.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin arrives at side Purple One, wanted to say anything, Purple One actually shook the head to him, „was all right, did not need to comfort me. I rejoice very much your such teammate. Also realized that on resisting the Evil Soul Master path, we have are insufficient. After going back, I will try hard to make up insufficient these.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin compares the thumb to him, worthily is Battle Member!</p>

<p>Today's situation Purple One deals with not the ideal reason to be various, one is too sudden, another is did not know about Evil Soul Master. In addition itself insufficiently calm. Is lacks resists Evil Soul Master experience.</p>

  </body>
</html>