<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="787">#787: Half-step Soul Refinement</h2>
<p>Then? Is Soul Refinement Solidization. Once completes Solidization, Soul Refinement has completed 70%, arrives at final Rousing the Soul again, completed Rousing the Soul, Soul Refinement means successfully.</p>

<p>Without doubt, Heavy Silver is one of the easiest forging rare metal(s), may together Soul Refinement Heavy Silver, if appear(ance), as before is the sky-high price! Because to Soul Refinement this stage, rare metal(s) no longer is rare metal(s). But is genuine Heaven and Earth Treasure!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin drop hammer speed starts to speed up, strength of formidable his Qi and Blood, did not have the sign that the least bit weakens to this time extremely. The body surroundings golden-colored light fog instead became stronger and stronger.</p>

<p>Heavy Silver turned into golden-colored completely, intermittent dragon roar sound reverberation, that clear Soul Refinement echo sound. Means that all in develop toward a good direction.</p>

<p>Suddenly, that golden-colored Heavy Silver rocked fiercely, then unexpectedly jumped from the forging stage.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>„Has been careful, is Life fluctuation. It must run away!”</p>

<p>Entrusted with Life metal(s), once after the Life degree receives the stimulation of Soul Refinement is the certain extent, will have own Spirit Wisdom. But to this time, it became startled, it does not want Control, appear(ance) to be similar to the situation of escaping. Once it has been separated from the control of Blacksmith, Soul that because just promoted by Solidization, Soul fast will not have been diverged, thus returns to the Spirit Refinement stage, at that time, this metal(s) was impossible to carry on Soul Refinement.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is unhurriedly, drinks one coldly, „comes back!”</p>

<p>Drinks with this lowly, third golden-colored ring of light fierce dodges. That golden-colored Heavy Silver trembled trembling, „working as”, fell returned to the forging stage.</p>

<p>Golden Dragon Roars!</p>

<p>On this Heavy Silver had Tang Wulin bloodline aura, but Golden Dragon King bloodline is formidable, under frightening of Tang Wulin, this Heavy Silver already return again irresistibly.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin takes a deep breath tone, both hands steelyard weight brandishes once more, falls outrageously. Started the next stage, Soul Solidization!</p>

<p>Tang Wulin eyes turned into purple-gold from golden-colored, each hammer wields, bloodline aura release has been short, but Spiritual Strength actually promotes. Two ruler Yu Chang suddenly to launch of purple-gold ray of light from eyes. Used Purple Demon Eyes Spirit Assault above metal(s) directly.</p>

<p>Immediately, the scope of that golden-colored Heavy Silver tremor started changes small, received spiritual assault and forging dual Control, it in shivering above golden-colored started the toe-, formerly trace also started to reappear.</p>

<p>But that is not lines, but is lifelike diamond-shaped scales appearances, unexpectedly and Tang Wulin scales is exactly the same.</p>

<p>Mu Chen and Mu Xi father and daughter's aura starts becomes loud. Soul Solidization seems similarly is also very smooth, according to this trend, he may complete Soul Refinement really!</p>

<p>Even if completes time Soul Refinement, Tang Wulin also official promotes 7th Rank from 6th Rank Blacksmith. Once to 7th Rank, then, he became new Saint Craftsman.</p>

<p>Must know, even if in Shrek Academy, has Feng Wuyu this Saint Craftsman! Once Tang Wulin becomes Saint Craftsman, then, he social position on entire Douluo Continent will become entirely different, will become that part of genuine top layer. Even can become Metropolis Blacksmith Association Association President.</p>

<p>What is more important, he is only 19 years old now, is 19-year-old he, can definitely have the opportunity to continue to promote, to go to the assault Divine Craftsman world.</p>

<p>Zhen Hua in Continent high of status, even if Federation Parliament, even if will be Spirit Transferring Pagoda and Shrek Academy easily will not offend.</p>

<p>After previous Zhen Hua assassination, Spirit Transferring Pagoda with Federation coordinates to initiate an elimination action, Evil Soul Master goes into hiding, did not have appear(ance) until several years later today. Obvious Saint Craftsman means anything regarding the entire Soul Master world.</p>

<p>golden-colored dragon scales reappears are getting more and more, to covers entire Heavy Silver completely. golden-colored halo starts reserved, Heavy Silver ray of light starts orderly glittering.</p>

<p>Solidization succeeds! Mu Chen could not bear has waved the arm that made an effort.</p>

<p>Must know that this Soul Refinement echo or Soul Refinement Solidization, these two processes are extremely difficulties, but can complete these two processes, means that Blacksmith must become Saint Craftsman. Although the final Rousing the Soul process is difficult, but this process can practice through time.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin in forging , to continue Solidization as before. His Qi and Blood fluctuation finally started to have the weaken.</p>

<p>But at this time, Tang Wulin does not dare to stop.</p>

<p>Reason that he choice completes Soul Refinement with the strength of Qi and Blood, but not with own Soul Power , because, his Soul Power is insufficient!</p>

<p>Normal Soul Refinement, the entire process gets down, at least needs Seven Rings to cultivate for can complete. Tang Wulin apparently does not have. The strength of his Qi and Blood is unable to be equal to the strength of Seven Rings, what is different, his bloodline is Golden Dragon King bloodline, stage is high enough, in carrying on the Soul Refinement process, the strength of Qi and Blood is easier than to fuse and Control Soul Power. For example Soul Refinement echo this step, if by Soul Power forging, Tang Wulin could not have achieved now, but used the strength of Qi and Blood he to be OK.</p>

<p>This distinguishes location!</p>

<p>dual hammers falls, „bites!” In the crisp whining noise, radiant golden light (Jin Guang) jumps to shoot suddenly from that Heavy Silver, in golden light (Jin Guang) has dragon-shaped halo to circle regarding metal(s) faintly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin does not dare to neglect, the takes a deep breath tone, drinks lightly, aura of his whole person becomes intense. The pupil light glistens! Both hands slight(ly) trembles, a pair of Heavy Silver Hammer raps before the body mutually. On him has resounded the resonant dragon roar sound suddenly. first golden-colored ring of light Great Release of Rays of Light, is Golden Dragon Body.</p>

<p>When behavior Rousing the Soul, must with own forging energy that pours into summoned Soul Refinement metal(s), with its take shape mutual echoing. As the matter stands, metal(s) internal Soul is genuine was activated.</p>

<p>Has Spirit Refinement of Life strength to look like Plant, but will have Soul Soul Refinement to make metal(s) is similar to Soul Beast is ordinary. This is genuine Soul Refinement.</p>

<p>In other words, once Soul Refinement succeeds, metal(s) turned into life form on genuine. Wonderful lies in this. Why this was also Soul Refinement such difficult reason location.</p>

<p>The spirited dragon roar sound reverberates in Forging Room, that metal(s) also unceasing exudes buzz the whining noise. But the brow of Tang Wulin wrinkled quickly.</p>

<p>Rousing the Soul this process was too difficult, in fact, his own has not attempted several times. Can complete Soul Refinement echo and Soul Refinement Solidization these two processes like today, he before altogether also only then 2-3 times.</p>

<p>Rousing the Soul does not have the means to teach similarly, when everyone forging process is different, this is the process that can only get an idea unable to explain, can only own look for the feeling.</p>

<p>„Buzz”</p>

<p>golden-colored Heavy Silver trembled fiercely, then suddenly became peaceful.</p>

<p>Dejected of Tang Wulin face, was defeated.</p>

<p>Rousing the Soul only then very short time carries on, after Soul Solidization completes, metal(s) Soul has the instantaneous liveliness, if at this time can make it sublimate through Rousing the Soul, it has completed Soul Refinement, bringing the metal(s) body to become the brand-new Life body. If not good, that consolidates in the Soul Refinement Solidization condition.</p>

<p>golden-colored is bringing on scales Heavy Silver, golden light (Jin Guang) is and out, is smart. What a pity, it eventually is actually not able to become is similar to the Soul Beast complete Life body.</p>

<p>A big hand powerful holds the shoulder of Tang Wulin, „you have done very well, do not give the own too tremendous pressure.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin turns head to look that what sees is the smile of Mu Chen whole face.</p>

<p>„If you can Soul Refinement be successful, I may want ashamed could not work as this Association President. Can achieve Solidization this step, this metal(s) can be said as Half-step Soul Refinement. Even if made your Senior Teacher know, will certainly raise up the thumb for you. In several years time, you a foot strided in Saint Craftsman large door, our judgments right, developed according to this speed, in the future you can certainly become one generation of Divine Craftsman.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin flexure scratching the head, „Teacher(s), you overpraised. I also some insufficient, I have not traced to the present to the Rousing the Soul threshold. Energy that front several need to consume is too big, were few to the last step opportunity . Moreover, whenever some of my energy will be bad at this time.”</p>

<p>Mu Chen sinking sound track: „forging lies in the accumulation. In the Soul Refinement Three Great difficulty, what is actually most difficult is first closes Soul Refinement echo, this is not can achieve really diligently. What the need are more is the luck and talent. Can achieve this point Blacksmith, so long as there is an enough time accumulation, almost can become Saint Craftsman finally. But your Soul Refinement Solidization achieved. What needs is only the accumulation of time, what need is to the experience of Soul Refinement. Continually promotes to cultivate is, your cultivation to be higher, when including Spiritual Strength, you will be at the Rousing the Soul feeling to be clearer. You certainly become Saint Craftsman, currently speaking, but is time issue that's all.”( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>