<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="873">#873: warning sign(s)</h2>
<p>Spirit Abyss Realm Spiritual Strength was quite rare in this age, but can also maintain such speed cultivate is being very few.</p>

<p>Gets out of bed, while he prepares to practice a while forging the time, suddenly, Tang Wulin only thought the own wrist place transmits scalding hot.</p>

<p>This is......</p>

<p>That scalding hot feeling unusual is obvious, his subconscious lowering the head looks that saw only in the own wrist that to come from initially chain bracelet in Dragon Valley, colored gem ray of light of water-drop shape was partly visible, scalding hot was also from this.</p>

<p>Since having this chain bracelet, it does not have any Transformation throughout, this was first appear(ance) reaction. Actually can have what? Can make it give off heat suddenly? Is to receive the bloodline stimulation of own to be the result?</p>

<p>In the heart has doubts at the same time, Tang Wulin gathers in front of own carefully to watch chain bracelet, but that scalding hot feeling actually becomes stronger and stronger, a restless feeling also along with it transmitting.</p>

<p>This was too strange, Tang Wulin not clear this chain bracelet has had anything to affect, but knows that this is in Dragon Valley these dragon soul gives his leaving gift. At this moment, feels is sending out scalding hot, in addition the restlessness of heart, making him somewhat vacant.</p>

<p>Is this is warning?</p>

<p>But, regarding own, what warning sign(s) there is to meet appear(ance)? If there is changed initially them in Devil Islands, or outside, he certainly immediately raises the intense vigilant heart.</p>

<p>But now they in Shrek Academy! In this world, what but also there is compared with a Shrek Academy safer place? Especially, here is Sea God Island, Shrek Academy radically heavy, Super Rank Douluo above stage Elite perhaps over ten, have Sky Raising Douluo this Present Generation to assume personal command greatly. What warning sign(s) will this have?</p>

<p>Certainly was the own feeling makes a mistake.</p>

<p>Stemming from the discrete consideration, Tang Wulin hurries to regard with rapt attention, observes the own bloodline vortex working condition. In order to avoid being because the own Golden Dragon King bloodline appear(ance) issue causes this chain bracelet to have the change.</p>

<p>But, his bloodline vortex functions as usual, own Qi and Blood is exuberant, will not affect his own bloodline vortex circulation.</p>

<p>All good cannot be good. Gets down according to such speed cultivate, certainly will make his whole person stronger and stronger.</p>

<p>For serveral days he started to try four Spiritual Metal to carry on Harmonizing Refinement, the effect was very good, relies on him to achieve the Soul Refinement stage strength, these were not the issues. Even he started to try five metal(s) to carry on Harmonizing Refinement, if can be successful, can let everybody future Battle Armor upper formation building inevitably, even if only Two Word Battle Armor, can the display of certain extent Three Word Battle Armor mighty energy.</p>

<p>In this time, chain bracelet temperature of ignition in wrist is dropping slowly, all as if returned to normal.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin relaxed, shrugs the arm, does not manage, who knows this outcome what's the matter? It is estimated that is only own has groundless fears that's all. In Shrek, can have an accident?</p>

<p>At the same time is thinking, he goes out of log cabin, directly soars own Forging Room to go. Starts today's forging practice.</p>

<p>So long as after he stabilizes lived in the own 7th Rank Forging Room level, he must start for everybody forging metal(s). The design drawing already prepared, so long as his forging has completed, Ye Xinglan and Yuan En Yehui they can simultaneously start for everybody manufacture Battle Armor. Takes their cultivation as, although needs certain process, but will not be slow. After all, they have beforehand Spiritual Metal One Word Battle Armor to take background, so long as carried on the structural transformation to be enough on own original Battle Armor foundation.</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>„Master, you how?” A female of black clothed asked in a soft voice.</p>

<p>Here is the summit, the mountain peak reaches to the sky, takes a broad view to look, is the big piece and big piece clouds. Mountain breeze bone-chilling cold, moved cloud band the moist air to pass over gently and swiftly from the summit a piece by piece, but in their surroundings, did not have the least bit water vapor.</p>

<p>Gu Yuena stands in the cliff edge, a white long skirt serves as contrast her silver-haired to be graceful, in her eyes is revealing vacant, shaking the head of gently, „why does not know, I suddenly have the feeling of feel ill-at-ease. My heartbeat speed has promoted five times every minute compared with normal condition.”</p>

<p>„What?” That black clothed female is surprised, „High Lord, your this is......”</p>

<p>Gu Yuena shook the head, „I do not know. I let thing preparation that you prepare how?”</p>

<p>Black clothed female sinking sound track: „Has prepared 60%, the preliminary work has been completed, Di Tian said that his side does not have the issue. When all preparations finished, so long as High Lord act , can certainly 100% successes. Again then, is waited for that time completed.”</p>

<p>„Um.” Gu Yuena nodded, shows neither approval nor disapproval.</p>

<p>After the black clothed female slightly makes the stop, is probing the [say / way]: „High Lord, that side person contacted with us. The enemy of enemy is a friend, don't we cooperate with them really?”</p>

<p>Gu Yuena has turned round fiercely, right hand wields, terrifying aura erupts suddenly from her, the feeling of that terrifying made the entire summit shiver, surroundings all fog instantaneous to shatter, changed into the fine rain in airborne to surge outward.</p>

<p>That black clothed female directly shelled flew, summit surroundings is reverberating Gu Yuena ice-cold sounds/voices, „I had said many times, these dirty dirty existence, forever do not want to cooperate with me. Mentioned them before me again, I have dug up your dragon hide.”</p>

<p>The black clothed female disappeared, has not returned to the summit again.</p>

<p>Gu Yue complexion sinks to congeal, long time has not spoken, but, in her mind, reappeared gradually that form.</p>

<p>Has distinguished to be so long, he fortunately?</p>

<p>Why I such feel ill-at-ease, in this world, can make me so worry about, as if, only then he......</p>

<p>......</p>

<p>The silent room is very broad, vault assumes the arc, has spread to the surroundings wall from the vault, the demon mark of big piece and big piece covers.</p>

<p>The entire room best pupil has 30 meters, the diameter is about 50 meters, range and broadness. Center the room, altogether 12 people sit cross-legged to sit there, they regarding becoming a circle. In mouth in muttering was talking over anything.</p>

<p>In these 12 person body surroundings, is all ascending Soul Ring, if some people can see them, the discovery that can shock, on these 12 is ascending, unexpectedly is Eight Soul Rings, Eight Rings Soul Douluo, this has stood in Soul Master in existence of peak, is, at this moment, so numerous Soul Douluo in the same place, to do a matter unexpectedly.</p>

<p>They sit cross-legged in the ground that sits, demon mark is more complex . Moreover, what terrifying is, has blood to flow in this demon mark surroundings piece by piece, that portrays gullies that demon mark becomes, in these gullies, is flowing blood unceasingly Transformation.</p>

<p>The room addendum circle, over a hundred people stand there, they all is a black clothed, the head wears the black headgear, only reveals the left hand of own, but that blood, wrist [lineage/vein] place unceasing flowing that cuts open from their left hand, but under becomes.</p>

<p>Light bloody aura fills the air, making in the entire room give people an intense sense of fear, but is this rich courage vigor fluctuates, is actually not able to transmit the half minute outward.</p>

<p>Actually was this? Actually to have what? Will create so the picture unexpectedly?</p>

<p>But in that 12 the Soul Douluo location circle midpoint that sits cross-legged to sit, in the ground is purple-black six glow stars, strong bloody aura outward releases, there, is standing erect the same thing. That is one reaches as high as three meters, presents all over the body is purple-black, above has innumerable demon mark, and is sparkling ray of light existence.</p>

<p>Its peak presents for sharp pyramidal, extends downward, looks like has wing to open a piece by piece, surroundings that huge energy, is all rivers run into sea emerges to it, but it looks like a bottomless pit is ordinary, absorb that huge energy and blood.</p>

  </body>
</html>