<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="788">#788: Takes care, Wulin</h2>
<p>Tang Wulin nodded, said with a smile: „Thank You (xiexie) Teacher(s). Teacher(s), you looked how much money my this Heavy Silver can sell?”</p>

<p>Mu Xi cannot bear curl the lip in side, „this has not changed, you fell to the square hole in the center.” She does not know that Tang Wulin their trip of task need.</p>

<p>Mu Chen stared daughter one eyes, then he he said with a smile: „Also sells anything! This Half-step Soul Refinement I collected. You are I most outstanding disciple, this metal(s) I, so long as takes away that side General Headquarters to show off, even if your Senior Teacher, must envy serious. Ha! To Half-step Soul Refinement this stage, you qualifications have named to own metal(s).”</p>

<p>In the Tang Wulin heart moves, hurries saying: „Teacher(s), was inferior that you help my giving a name character.”</p>

<p>Mu Chen surprised looks at Tang Wulin, regarding Saint Craftsman, is the metal(s) name of own is the extremely glorious matter, some people will give others this qualifications.</p>

<p>Looks at the sincerity in Tang Wulin look, Mu Chen also in hesitant, Tang Wulin said: „Teacher(s), does not have my today without your guidance. Do not decline.”</p>

<p>Mu Chen laughs, „good, good and good! Any ratio has not let my happy matter. That Teacher(s) gives a name to you. Looked that your forging leaves on this Heavy Silver dragon scales to cover, might as well call Dragon-scaled Heavy Silver! Later all your Soul Refinement metal(s), on so as to dragon scales prestige, how? In your name also has the Qilin large male deer, is the harmonics.”</p>

<p>„Good!”</p>

<p>From that moment on, Tang Wulin future Half-step Soul Refinement above metal(s) had was the own name, Heavy Silver was Dragon-scaled Heavy Silver, Adamantite is Dragon-scaled Adamantite.</p>

<p>Once rare metal(s) had the name, its value to imagine highly difficult. Moreover, each Saint Craftsman Soul Refinement metal(s) properties is different. It is not all Soul Master can use same position Saint Craftsman Soul Refinement metal(s).</p>

<p>Tang Wulin this Soul Refinement has injection of his Golden Dragon King bloodline, high of its quality, once genuine completes Soul Refinement, in the Saint Craftsman world absolutely is most Top Rank existence. Almost for all Battle Armor Master. Especially Assault System and Strength Type Battle Armor Master, matches certainly.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin had experimented, metal(s) that own this Half-step Soul Refinement leaves, even can isolate his own Golden Dragon King bloodline aura pressure. Because is in itself common origin location.</p>

<p>In the future if his companion puts on dragon scales metal(s) Battle Armor that his forging leaves, then, at least can let them in the fight not by the influence of own bloodline aura.</p>

<p>Mu Chen has given Tang Wulin 5 million federation coin(s), enough their all expenses all the way. If Dragon-scaled Heavy Silver must sell, value also incessantly so. This is in the Half-step Soul Refinement situation. But Mu Chen accepts this metal(s) to collect, the significance is different!</p>

<p>„Senior Sister, I walked.” Tang Wulin to delivering to entrance Mu Xi waved.</p>

<p>Although Mu Xi continuously to his sarcastic comments , but when he and companion must leave, she has actually delivered to out of the door.</p>

<p>Looks that smiles to Tang Wulin that own waves, Mu Xi nips the lower lip, suddenly, she overruns fiercely, grasps him.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin is gawked, the ear that she hugs transmits Mu Xi to bring sobbing sounds/voices, „takes care, Wulin.”</p>

<p>Has not waited for him to open the mouth, Mu Xi loosened him, flies is also has run back Blacksmith Association.</p>

<p>Fragrance still , a thick sense of being lost and lonely along with it appear(ance). Not only because this losing must separate , because, Tang Wulin feels suddenly in this moment that own is not the beforehand youth, is not a child. He is an adult, when is young the youth will be gone forever, but the responsibility of his shoulder actually becomes more and more heavy.</p>

<p>„Doesn't give up?” Xie Xie smiles near the Tang Wulin ear lowly.</p>

<p>The Tang Wulin ill-humored lifting hand has knocked in his head.</p>

<p>Can hold 20 people of Bus to stop before them, this is Mu Chen specially for the car(riage) that they arrange. Will deliver directly them to Soul Guide Train Station.</p>

<p>Said honestly that Tang Wulin natural has a little conflicted the psychology regarding Soul Guidance Train, is really because before , the several peculiar circumstances of encountering, making him very speechless.</p>

<p>But he must acknowledge that Soul Guidance Train goes to the military training direction quickest transportation vehicle at present.</p>

<p>Since Academy has stipulated time, moreover can see from the Old Cai expression expression that wants to arrive in the destination not to be perhaps easy. Front naturally can save time is frugal good.</p>

<p>Moreover now they were not the initial youth, everybody all was One Word Battle Armor Master, seven One Word Battle Armor Master! in addition strength already quite formidable.</p>

<p>Therefore, Tang Wulin after careful ponder, the decision is called as Soul Guidance High-speed Train.</p>

<p>Arrives at Soul Guide Train Station, buying a ticket. Tang Wulin has not used initial privilege. Buying a ticket boards, Train has not opened, the breath of Tang Wulin became even.</p>

<p>On Train is a they row of achievement. Tang Wulin and Le Zhengyu sit together, Xu Lizhi and Ye Xinglan, Xie Xie and Yuan En Yehui have Xu Xiaoyan to sit in another side row of three people of position.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu hears the Tang Wulin even breathing to turn head to look, the surprised discovery, he has fallen asleep.</p>

<p>Yes, he was too weary, was too tired in Academy cultivate in the half year, in addition formerly Soul Refinement, Tang Wulin , is not only tired, heart also tired is not good.</p>

<p>He sits in the position by the window, sleeps soundly. The handsome face appears very quiet, the long eyelash builds below eyelid. Even if has fallen asleep, as before is a handsome man.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu looked at Tang Wulin, own sat there starts to be in a daze.</p>

<p>In the half year, he feels similarly exhausted. Since Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting was rejected by Xu Xiaoyan, his whole person changed.</p>

<p>That attack for him was really too big. After helping Tang Wulin sought for Gu Yue not to find, his entire one month has not gone out. Closes own in the room. He thought that own does not have the face to see human. The pride of innermost feelings does not allow him to have such frustration.</p>

<p>, He starts to understand where the own issue gradually of that day leaves, is, even if so, innermost feelings proud is not willing to make him admit mistakes as before.</p>

<p>In his subconscious believes throughout that Xu Xiaoyan can look his, will make him have the opportunity of explanation.</p>

<p>What may be contrary to what expects, six months have passed, Xu Xiaoyan has not arrived at side him throughout, among them the distance also as if becomes more and more.</p>

<p>If not like not being painful. These words use on Le Zhengyu are appropriate. He liked Xu Xiaoyan, liked that spirit demon also being gentle such as the miss of jade.</p>

<p>But, Holy Angel Family made him unable to make own proud say the apology words. This is he most painful place.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu dull sitting there, perhaps, this exiting, own should find an opportunity and she chats well.</p>

<p>He turns head to look at Xu Xiaoyan subconsciously, the surprised discovery, Xu Xiaoyan is also actually visiting him, four items of docking, they have avoided the vision of opposite party subconsciously.</p>

<p>But at this moment, impulsion suddenly appear(ance) beyond description in the Le Zhengyu heart, he fiercely has also stood.</p>

<p>Bridges over the corridor, Le Zhengyu arrives by three people of row of chairs. What here sits in the outermost is Xie Xie, is Yuan En Yehui, Xu Xiaoyan sits in the innermost.</p>

<p>Le Zhengyu said to Yuan En Yehui: „Can Yuan En, change a position with you first? I had the words to say to Xiaoyan.”</p>

<p>„Hey!” Has not waited for the Yuan En Yehui start to talk somewhat discontentedly, Xie Xie looks to Le Zhengyu. But when he sees the Le Zhengyu somewhat gloomy look, eventually is helpless standing up.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui has not said anything, stands up, arrives at side Tang Wulin to sit down, Xie Xie stands side her simply, has given Le Zhengyu another side position.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan hears Le Zhengyu sounds/voices, after gaining ground looked at his one eyes, immediately turns to out of the window direction.</p>

<p>------------------------</p>

<p>The new week, sought the recommendation vote support.( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>