<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Douluo Dalu 3</title>
    <link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="center" id="773">#773: test</h2>
<p>Wu Zhangkong seems before more than three years compares does not have no Transformation, the years unable on this Icily Arrogant Prince Charming face to leave any trace. aura became longer.</p>

<p>Sees him, Tang Wulin hurries to go forward several steps, respectful [say / way]: „Teacher Wu, I came back.”</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong goes forward suddenly several steps, has given him beyond expectation a hug, „, your situation is at least better than me.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin gawked, in mind reappeared initially Wu Zhangkong to lead him to go to Heaven Dou City suddenly, enters the situation in that piece of Graveyard seeing, mind slightly shocked, „Teacher Wu......”</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong loosens him, „comes back well, anything was needless to say. Come, I lead you to carry on the body to measure.”</p>

<p>Xie Xie grinning collects, has referred to the nose of own. Without doubt, is he informs Wu Zhangkong.</p>

<p>After Tang Wulin since returns to Academy, because the Gu Yue matter whole person is a little chaotic, has thought through until today, is better.</p>

<p>However, after sobering, he suddenly discovered that seeks for Gu Yue the several days in him anxiously, has prevented him without any Teacher(s). Zhuo Shi or Feng Wuyu, or Wu Zhangkong, does not have.</p>

<p>„Teacher Wu, sorry, after I come back,......”</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong shook the head, „perhaps, your also not clear Inner Court situation. Then, I told you simply. After entering Inner Court, you by the Academy default to grow up. You remote are responsible for own all behaviors, but similarly, Academy will again not restrain you like you when Outer Court. Besides the regular inspection, Inner Court in fact to the binding force of students is very small. You handle matter that own wants to handle, nobody will stop. Let alone, you with the Gu Yue sentiment, passed through Sea God Fated Blind Date General Meeting to be definite, Academy will certainly support you in this aspect, even helped you look for her, had her news to meet first time to inform you. According to the situation at present seeking, Gu Yue was very possible to be hidden by Spirit Transferring Pagoda, otherwise, we were impossible unable to find. But Academy and Spirit Transferring Pagoda subtle relationship, only if Pavilion Master requests forcefully, otherwise, our also very difficult office. But Pavilion Master to some of your as if resentment.”</p>

<p>Yun Ming of course had the resentment to Tang Wulin, best disciple lost the trail because of Tang Wulin, if this did not have the resentment to blame.</p>

<p>Tang Wulin listened to the Wu Zhangkong words, in heart a warmth, Teacher Wu, although has not come to look for own, but, he also has been helping without a doubt own seek for Gu Yue! Otherwise, he is impossible to know is so clear.</p>

<p>Did Gu Yue go to Spirit Transferring Pagoda? Between I and her issue on Spirit Transferring Pagoda? In this world, can make Academy dread that also had Spirit Transferring Pagoda. Yes, certainly is this.</p>

<p>Thinks of here, Tang Wulin feels suddenly that own had the goal. The goal that although must resist is that palatial huge, but there is a goal always to compare is not much stronger, at least lets the direction that he had must try hard.</p>

<p>The body measured that the room is big, is much bigger than the imagination , the volume of each machine is also exceptionally huge.</p>

<p>„You must carry on comprehensive test, makes us know that by being advantageous your present genuine body condition, good to arrange following cultivate for you.” Wu Zhangkong said to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Yes!” Tang Wulin complies with one.</p>

<p>„First test one your Soul Power.” Before Wu Zhangkong brings he arrives at an instrument, on the instrument has two spheroidites, Tang Wulin has used similarly, hurries to go forward to grip.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong start instrument, quick, digital fast appear(ance).</p>

<p>„Soul Power rank, 47. Soul Ancestor rank. Soul Power degree of compression, six degrees.” The electronic sound gets up.</p>

<p>Hears six degrees these two characters time, the eyebrow of Wu Zhangkong slightly has selected selecting, some surprise looks to Tang Wulin.</p>

<p>„Soul Power degree of compression, what is this?” Asking of Tang Wulin doubts. Before he when carried on similar test, but did not have Soul Power degree of compression data.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong said: „After Soul Power has been the certain extent, the quantity is not absolutely important, but must look at the nature. The degree of compression is the nature. Simply speaking, similarly is Nine Rings Titled Douluo , to promote Soul Power to achieve through Heaven and Earth Treasure, with achieves entirely different of 90th Rank by own cultivate little accumulation. The degree of compression at least differs over three degrees. The degree of compression is higher, proves the Soul Power congealing reality. Each once corresponded stage. Your Soul Power degree of compression six degrees, mean, although you are Four Rings cultivate are, but in fact your Soul Power congealing solid degree sufficiently compares favorably with normal cultivate Soul Emperor level Soul Master. The words of two coefficient multiplications, your actual stage can compared with fifty levels of Soul King.”</p>

<p>Tang Wulin or first time hear this concept, cannot bear look to companion, in the eye is revealing inquiry ray of light.</p>

<p>Xie Xie shrugs the arm, „our cultivate Mysterious Heaven Skill, the Soul Power degree of compression compares to have the superiority. I was also six degrees, but I cultivated but for Five Rings. Everybody should be similar.”</p>

<p>„He he, my seven degrees!” Chubby Xu Lizhi collects, saying with a laugh.</p>

<p>Xie Xie ill-humored [say / way]: „You are different from the normal person. You can wholly absorbed cultivate Soul Power, compress them!”</p>

<p>„What is different from the normal person?” Ye Xinglan shot a look at Xie Xie one.</p>

<p>Xie Xie stares, comes on reaction, complexion strange looks to Yuan En Yehui.</p>

<p>Yuan En Yehui likely has not actually seen expression that he seeks help, Xie Xie coughs, „with the normal person different meaning is, the talent different reported. Lizhi, you looked I said is right.”</p>

<p>„He he!”</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong said: „In this regard, Lizhi truly can say that the talent different reported. The promotion of Soul Power degree of compression even compared with cultivate Soul Power difficulties. Especially after five degrees, wanted to promote the degree of compression difficult ratio once to ascend to heaven. I 77th Rank Soul Power, degree of compression also reluctantly has been seven degrees now. Walks, next test.”</p>

<p>After everybody's explanation, Tang Wulin is understands that Soul Power degree of compression judgment has many significances. Without doubt, Four Rings achieves six degrees him, in the future will promote spatial is very big. This is a very good data.</p>

<p>„Spiritual Strength examines first.”</p>

<p>The giant instrument, Tang Wulin sits below, helmet falls, covers above him.</p>

<p>Wu Zhangkong said: „Inner Court here instrument intensity is quite big, but the security is very high, you can relax the mind, release Spiritual Strength naturally in own forehead surroundings, the instrument will record.”</p>

<p>Closed both eyes, Tang Wulin also very much wants to know that now own Spiritual Strength has been any degree, in Dragon Valley, he was the initial judgment, own Spiritual Strength should break through Spirit Sea Realm, has achieved Spirit Abyss Realm stage. But has not undergone the examination of genuine, he is unable to affirm that the judgment of own is whether correct.</p>

<p>After all, Spiritual Strength request of Spirit Sea Realm, only then 500 points, but Spirit Abyss Realm is actually reaches as high as 5000 points! Once enters Spirit Abyss Realm, that completely is another world. Very formidable Soul Master, Spiritual Strength also in this stage.</p>

<p>According to Tang Wulin knows, initially they when went to Star Luo Empire, Teacher Wu should not achieve this stage.</p>

<p>The machine starts to work, lights shine. Each light is representing 100 Spiritual Strength. speed that the light raises is quick, in an instant surpassed ten lamps to shine.</p>

<p>The people are not strange, after all, they already know that Tang Wulin Spiritual Strength achieved Spirit Sea Realm. After is so long, achieves 1000 Spiritual Strength to be very normal. In fact, they basically have also reached this Spiritual Strength level. Xu Xiaoyan Spiritual Strength is strongest, topped 3000 points, above the Spirit Sea Realm intermediate stage.</p>

<p>As for Gu Yue, she always no longer Academy carries on test, that side Spirit Transferring Pagoda, therefore, nobody knows her accurate Spiritual Strength intensity.</p>

<p>However, meaning that the viewpoint on instrument has not stopped obviously , to continue to skyrocket, quick, is ten lamps shines.</p>

<p>2000!</p>

<p>On the people face started to reveal surprisedly, after all, Tang Wulin was Assault System Battle Soul Master! 2000 Spiritual Strength, this is quite considerable. If when chooses Soul Spirit to restrain some, this stage Spiritual Strength sufficiently supported to Titled Douluo stage.</p>

<p>Then is......, 3000!</p>

<p>When data to 3000. The surprise on people face turned into the shock.</p>

<p>3000, Spirit Sea Realm High Rank.</p>

<p>Xu Xiaoyan loses the sound track: „Boss won't Spiritual Strength surpass me?” Her voice also declines, saw the 34 th lamp shines, but her Spiritual Strength is more than 3300.</p>

<p>This......</p>

<p>Tang Wulin Spiritual Strength surpassed 3000, this in Inner Court disciple was very rare situation. Spiritual Strength is very important regarding Soul Master, but the development level cannot compare with Soul Power obviously, therefore, only if to fuse High Rank Soul Spirit, otherwise few people can specially cultivate Spiritual Strength.</p>

<p>4000!</p>

<p>------------------------------</p>

<p>Happy New Year, first! Today three, the new year of first week, Bai Qiu recommends the vote support!( To be continued.)</p>

  </body>
</html>